skill,backward_text,pred_skill
Acrobatics,Freeing yourself from grapples and the like,Investigation
Acrobatics,Squeezing through tight spaces without losing movement,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Balancing on thin/fragile surfaces without falling,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Landing on your feet after a fall,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Ignoring falling damage, such as falling from a cart",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Tumbling,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Moving on a Narrow Surface,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Charging or Running on a Difficult Surface,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Moving through Trees,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Moving Along an Unstable Surface,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Moving Shipboard,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Escape from Restraint,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Reduce Damage from a Fall,Acrobatics
Animal Handling,Handle an Animal,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Push an Animal,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Rear a Wild Animal,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Calm an Animal,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Teach an Animal a Trick,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Train an Animal for a Purpose,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Ride,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Guide with Knees,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Stay in Saddle,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Use Mount as Cover,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Soft Fall,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Spur Mount,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Control Mount in Battle,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Leap,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Fast Mount or Dismount,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Calm an Animal,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Swim a Mount,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"Can calm down a domesticated animal, keep a mount from getting spooked, or intuit an animal's intentions, the GM might call for a Wisdom (Animal Handling) check. You also make a Wisdom (Animal Handling) check to control your mount when you attempt a risky maneuver.",Animal Handling
Stealth,Hiding,Stealth
Stealth,Moving without being heard,Stealth
Stealth,Mingling in a crowd,Stealth
Stealth,Following someone,Stealth
Stealth,Avoid Being Seen,Insight
Stealth,Sniping,Persuasion
Stealth,Blend into a Crowd,Stealth
Stealth,Move between Cover,Stealth
Stealth,Tailing Someone,Persuasion
Stealth,Move Silently,Stealth
Survival,Tracking,Survival
Survival,Foraging food,Survival
Survival,Hunting wild game,Survival
Survival,Protecting yourself from weather/terrain hazards such as sunburn and mosquitoes,Survival
Survival,Finding water,Survival
Survival,Knowing which way is north,Survival
Survival,Avoid getting lost,Survival
Survival,Making a decent campsite in extreme conditions,Survival
Survival,Setting a Course,Survival
Survival,Finding Resources,Survival
Survival,Determine Time until Spoilage,Survival
Survival,Surviving in the Wild,Survival
Survival,Making Camp,Survival
Survival,Trailblazing,Survival
Survival,Locate North,Survival
Survival,Creating a Trail Sign,Survival
Survival,Finding a Trail Sign,Survival
Survival,Reading a Trail Sign,Survival
Survival,Finding Parts for a Booby Trap,Survival
Survival,Harvest Poisonmaking Materials,Survival
Survival,"Follow tracks, hunt wild game, guide your group through frozen wastelands, identify signs that owlbears live nearby, predict the weather, or avoid quicksand and other natural hazards.",Survival
Religion,"Recalling lore about deities, temples and rituals",Religion
Religion,Performing a ritual according to specification,Religion
Religion,Knowing what would be offensive to a certain faith,Religion
Religion,Know about Religion,Religion
Religion,Know about Undead,Religion
Religion,Find Your Way around Church,Religion
Religion,"Recall lore about deities, rites and prayers, religious hierarchies, holy symbols, and the practices of secret cults.ecall lore about deities, rites and prayers, religious hierarchies, holy symbols, and the practices of secret cults.",Religion
Sleight of Hand,Stealing from people without being noticed,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Juggling,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Putting something on someone without being noticed,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Picking a weapon from the air,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Concealing belongings in yourself,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Performing gestures or messages without being noticed,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Palm Object,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Conceal Object,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Steal Object,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Tie a Knot,Sleight of Hand
Performance,Singing,Performance
Performance,Dancing,Performance
Performance,Telling stories,Performance
Performance,Delivering a good speech,Performance
Performance,Impersonate,Performance
Performance,Put on a Gladiatorial Performance,Performance
Performance,Put on a Show,Persuasion
Performance,"Delight an audience with music, dance, acting, storytelling, or some other form of entertainment.",Performance
Persuasion,Convincing someone to do what you want,Persuasion
Persuasion,Debating,Persuasion
Persuasion,Knowing how to behave in a given social setting,Persuasion
Persuasion,Flattering someone,Persuasion
Persuasion,Seducing someone,Persuasion
Persuasion,Change Attitude,Persuasion
Persuasion,Mediate,Persuasion
Persuasion,Haggle,Persuasion
Persuasion,Direct a Crowd,Intimidation
Persuasion,Find Your Way around Court,Persuasion
Persuasion,"Foster friendships, make cordial requests, or exhibit proper etiquette. Examples of persuading others include convincing a chamberlain to let your party see the king, negotiating peace between warring tribes, or inspiring a crowd of townsfolk.",Persuasion
Nature,"Recalling lore about beasts, plants, terrain, types of vegetation and weather",Nature
Nature,Knowing what plants are needed to make certain compounds/potions,Nature
Nature,Identifying poisonous/dangerous food,Nature
Nature,Harvesting poisons from plants/beasts,Nature
Nature,Detecting strange weather changes,Nature
Nature,Know about Geography,Nature
Nature,Know about Nature,Nature
Nature,"Know about Animals, Fey, Giants, Monstrous Humanoids, Plants and Vermin",Nature
Nature,"Recall lore about terrain, plants and animals, the weather, and natural cycles.",Nature
Perception,Spotting/hearing hidden threats,Perception
Perception,Recognizing someone who's far away,Perception
Perception,Finding minute details,Survival
Perception,Identifying a noise's source,Investigation
Perception,Hear a Sound,Perception
Perception,Eavesdrop,Persuasion
Perception,Observe Creature,Perception
Perception,Read Lips,Perception
Perception,Spotting,Persuasion
Perception,"Spot, hear, or otherwise detect the presence of something. It measures your general awareness of your surroundings and the keenness of your senses. For example, you might try to hear a conversation through a closed door, eavesdrop under an open window, or hear monsters moving stealthily in the forest. Or you might try to spot things that are obscured or easy to miss, whether they are orcs lying in ambush on a road, thugs hiding in the shadows of an alley, or candlelight under a closed secret door.",Stealth
Investigation,Searching someone or an area,Investigation
Investigation,Seeing through illusions,Investigation
Investigation,Finding more about rumors,Investigation
Investigation,Locating someone in an urban environment,Investigation
Investigation,Searching for specific information in books/libraries,Investigation
Investigation,Search an Area,Investigation
Investigation,Frisk a Person,Investigation
Investigation,Determine an Object’s Function,Insight
Investigation,Finding a Trail Sign,Survival
Medicine,Stabilizing someone,Medicine
Medicine,Noticing a certain disease in someome,Medicine
Medicine,Providing long-term treatment,Medicine
Medicine,Knowing the body's limits related to a certain physical activity,Medicine
Medicine,Knowing the dosages and uses for natural healing items,Medicine
Medicine,"Dissecting a body, or removing something from it",Medicine
Medicine,First Aid,Medicine
Medicine,Long-Term Care,Medicine
Medicine,Treat Movement Injury,Medicine
Medicine,Treat Disease,Medicine
Medicine,Treat Poison,Medicine
Medicine,Determine Cause of Death,Medicine
Medicine,Estabilize a dying companion or diagnose an illness.,Medicine
Insight,Identifying whether someone is being deceitful or evasive in answering,Insight
Insight,Noticing what a person plans by what they're doing,Insight
Insight,Telling if someone is following you rather than just going in the same direction,Insight
Insight,Perceiving if someone is being mentally dominated,Persuasion
Insight,Getting the meaning of underlying messages,Insight
Insight,Avoid being Bluffed,Insight
Insight,Hunch,Insight
Insight,Sense Enchantment,Insight
Insight,Discern Secret Message,Insight
Insight,Assess Opponent,Insight
Insight,Penetrate Disguise,Insight
Insight,"Determine the true intentions of a creature, such as when searching out a lie or predicting someone's next move. Doing so involves gleaning clues from body language, speech habits, and changes in mannerisms.",Insight
Intimidation,Intimidating (duh) someone into doing what you want,Intimidation
Intimidation,Torturing someone,Intimidation
Intimidation,Taunting someone into violence,Intimidation
Intimidation,Change Attitude,Persuasion
Intimidation,Demoralize Opponent,Intimidation
Intimidation,Direct a Crowd,Intimidation
Intimidation,"Pry information out of a prisoner, convincing street thugs to back down from a confrontation, or using the edge of a broken bottle to convince a sneering vizier to reconsider a decision. pry information out of a prisoner, convincing street thugs to back down from a confrontation, or using the edge of a broken bottle to convince a sneering vizier to reconsider a decision.",Intimidation
Deception,Lying (duh),Deception
Deception,Fake crying,Deception
Deception,Disguise emotions (such as pretending to like seeing a man tortured),Deception
Deception,Playing dead,Deception
Deception,Passing yourself for someone else,Deception
Deception,Being cool' if seen while following someone,Deception
Deception,Fast Talking or Misdirection,Deception
Deception,Feinting in Combat,Deception
Deception,Create a Diversion in Order to Hide,Deception
Deception,Appear Innocuous,Deception
Deception,Delivering a Secret Message,Deception
Deception,Heckle,Persuasion
Deception,"Hide the truth, either verbally or through your actions. This deception can encompass everything from misleading others through ambiguity to telling outright lies. Typical situations include trying to fast-talk a guard, con a merchant, earn money through gambling, pass yourself off in a disguise, dull someone's suspicions with false assurances, or maintain a straight face while telling a blatant lie.",Insight
History,"Recalling lore about families, events, places and heraldry",History
History,Remembering anniversaries of important happenings,History
History,Telling when/where a certain item was made,History
History,Noticing a person's origins based on their looks or customs,History
History,Know about History,History
History,Deducing a Command Word,History
History,Know about the Nearby Area,History
History,Know about Local Humanoids,History
History,Interpret Tribal Tattoos,History
History,Know about Nobility and Royalty,History
History,"Recall lore about historical events, legendary people, ancient kingdoms, past disputes, recent wars, and lost civilizations.",History
Arcana,Recall lore about magic items and spells,Arcana
Arcana,"Recognizing the functions of magic accessories, such as a wizard's spellbook or a warlock's tome",Arcana
Arcana,Identifying a spell in a scroll/book,Arcana
Arcana,"Controlling a wild magic item/effect, such as a Sphere of Annihilation",Arcana
Arcana,Disarming magic traps,Arcana
Arcana,Understanding properties of spells cast by others,Arcana
Arcana,Identifying spells being cast,Arcana
Arcana,Know about Arcana,Arcana
Arcana,"Know about Constructs, Dragons, or Magical Beasts",Arcana
Arcana,Deducing a Command Word,History
Arcana,Know about the Planes,Arcana
Arcana,Know about Elementals & Outsiders,Arcana
Arcana,Identify Magic Effect,Arcana
Arcana,"Recall lore about spells, magic items, eldritch symbols, magical traditions, the planes of existence, and the inhabitants of those planes.",Arcana
Athletics,Shoving creatures,Athletics
Athletics,Grappling creatures,Athletics
Athletics,"Going through rough terrain, such as stairs, without losing movement",Athletics
Athletics,Jumping a certain height/distance,Athletics
Athletics,Swimming in rough currents/in heavy armor,Athletics
Athletics,Acting in mid-air,Perception
Athletics,Climb Wall or Cliff,Athletics
Athletics,Create Handholds,Athletics
Athletics,Climb Tree,Athletics
Athletics,Rapelling,Persuasion
Athletics,Hop Up,Acrobatics
Athletics,Jump Down,Athletics
Athletics,Long Jump,Athletics
Athletics,High Jump,Athletics
Athletics,Swimming High Jump,Athletics
Athletics,Swim,Athletics
Athletics,Dive,Athletics
Athletics,Grapple,Athletics
Athletics,Disarming,Athletics
Athletics,Trip,Athletics
Athletics,"You attempt to climb a sheer or slippery cliff, avoid hazards while scaling a wall, or cling to a surface while something is trying to knock you off.",Athletics
Athletics,You try to jump an unusually long distance or pull off a stunt midjump.,Athletics
Athletics,"You struggle to swim or stay afloat in treacherous currents, storm-­‐‑tossed waves, or areas of thick seaweed. Or another creature tries to push or pull you underwater or otherwise interfere with your swimming.",Athletics
Persuasion,"‘Cause the dwarves weren't fans of nobody without any political means of entry. However she managed to acquire the necessary documentation and offered you a very substantial reward should you find the whereabouts of Lady Kima of Vord and hopefully bring her back safely. You left on the pathway to the dwarven citadel of Kraghammer. You were ambushed by a group of roaming barbarian Goliaths. Of which, partway through the battle, Grog managed to recognize one of them as a previous ally. And no longer an ally at this time. Son of a bitch. Yep, the Barbarian for his first and only time so far managed to avert battle through a social encounter",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Careful. (sighs) Not as often as I get woken up from my sleep. Which is never. Because only stupid people do that. Lost cause. Abandon ship, abandon ship! Right. I have an intelligence of six, I know what I'm doing. Okay. (all laugh) There is a very pretty lady over there, with slightly pointy ears - (to Vex) I'm talking about you - (to Keyleth) or you - There's two of them! And they were actually wanting to ask you a question if you wouldn't mind.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"You're so… we just heard you're so… impressive and masculine. Yes! We really wanted to talk to you. I use my Earring of Whisper to Vex. Cool it, cool it down. Oh sh- okay. Calm down. Not so sexy. I reach out and I stroke his bicep. Oh, Jesus. Because I can't hear that. I use it again, I'm like - What are you doing? Keyleth, stop it. I disagree, heat it up, heat it up.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"they're terrible people. Anyway, my associates and I were wondering if you might come - Is that what we're doing? Trying to get him to come with us? We're trying to find out more about Greyspine. Yes! Where he might be or who his associates might be. Gee, I'm so glad you came. Would you like to accompany us on this journey that we're taking? Oh god. We're trying to find the Greyspines and you seem like you would want to come in on this. We think there might be something rotten in the mines.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Anyway, my associates and I were wondering if you might come - Is that what we're doing? Trying to get him to come with us? We're trying to find out more about Greyspine. Yes! Where he might be or who his associates might be. Gee, I'm so glad you came. Would you like to accompany us on this journey that we're taking? Oh god. We're trying to find the Greyspines and you seem like you would want to come in on this. We think there might be something rotten in the mines. Make a persuasion roll. You can assist if you like.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"How much for this exotic ale? How exotic ya wantin’? Ooh! We want to get in the door. We want him to like us. I can give you the finest of thistle branch, darkblood wine. Ooh! This was crafted by myself, from a rare bloodthistle branch that I had brought over from the far-off city of Kamorda. This, I personally oversaw. It took me four years to fill this barrel full. And it'll cost you 500 gold pieces. But is a king’s red wine!",Persuasion
Perception,"How exotic ya wantin’? Ooh! We want to get in the door. We want him to like us. I can give you the finest of thistle branch, darkblood wine. Ooh! This was crafted by myself, from a rare bloodthistle branch that I had brought over from the far-off city of Kamorda. This, I personally oversaw. It took me four years to fill this barrel full. And it'll cost you 500 gold pieces. But is a king’s red wine! Can I do a persuasion check or",Persuasion
Insight,"I can give you the finest of thistle branch, darkblood wine. Ooh! This was crafted by myself, from a rare bloodthistle branch that I had brought over from the far-off city of Kamorda. This, I personally oversaw. It took me four years to fill this barrel full. And it'll cost you 500 gold pieces. But is a king’s red wine! Can I do a persuasion check or a perception check to see if he's lying. This would be insight. Go ahead and roll insight.",Insight
Persuasion,"So you get about 20 more feet before you get: Hail! Hail! Oh my! Yes? (giggles) You foreigners are wandering too far in districts you don't belong to. What's your business? Oh I'm so sorry, I was just so amazed by the architecture here, I wanted to see the beautiful sculpture. We definitely are visitors here, sir, no one has explained the rules to your city. We were just taking in the fantastic architecture, and history of Kraghammer. We were told there was a beautiful sculpture down the street, of the ruler of Kraghammer?",Persuasion
Perception,"And it's a completely wrong direction, so it takes you a good two hours to eventually find your way to House Thunderbrand. When you get there, it's a beautiful, beautiful alabaster building. Large, white dome, with small spires built in to one of the more elevated ceilings of Kraghammer proper. You can see on the outside, there is no gate, just an open lawn. You see grass, you see what looks like normally outside flora and fauna currently adorning the scape around this structure. Woah. Well, this is a lovely sight! I'm gonna saunter on up to the door!",Perception
Intimidation,"Okay. As you turn around there are four Carvers that are hurrying towards you now, with their hammers out, going: “You! YOU!” What? They all surround you on all sides, you have a dwarf on each corner. You have attacked one of the great Dwarven families of Kraghammer! Name yourself and your business before you are under arrest. Don't speak to me in that manner, I am Tiberius Stormwind! I am snoring after having sex. (all laugh)",Intimidation
Persuasion,"Make intimidation check. 18. (gasps) Matt:. All four Carvers take a step back, look at each other. Look, we're just doing our job. What's your business? I understand that, and I am sorry for losing my temper. But I was just looking to ask questions of particular artifacts I have been looking for and this house is the only known arcane house I know that I was pointed to. I tried to reach them and communicate but I was stopped by the stupid rune I can't figure out! So I was turning back to get my tavern to get some rest and, you know, come back and try to contact the family the next day! And then I was stopped by you!",Persuasion
Stealth,"You (whoosh) into a bear form. Now Keyleth is now this giant bear where Trinket once was. I got my money on Ballsack! (all laugh) Don't bet against the enemy! In the fog I somersault over some random dwarf and pull out my dagger, but turn it around in my hand and whack Balgus in the back of the head as hard as I can, just to try and knock him out. Oh shit! Can you see in fog? He's a really good fighter. Low light.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"No. Fuck! And as you pull back the dagger, his hand reaches up and grabs your wrist. Shit, oh my god! Oh shit! His head slowly turns towards you and he goes: (laughs) (all laugh) Bonus action to disengage. Oh no! Disengage as a rogue. Well he's going to attempt to grapple you. Oh no. Fuck.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"And as you pull back the dagger, his hand reaches up and grabs your wrist. Shit, oh my god! Oh shit! His head slowly turns towards you and he goes: (laughs) (all laugh) Bonus action to disengage. Oh no! Disengage as a rogue. Well he's going to attempt to grapple you. Oh no. Fuck. Go ahead and make either an acrobatics check.",Acrobatics
Performance,"Cloud, lights flashing. How do we clear the fog? It's just there. Oh, I, I'll let the cloud… fade. You begin singing your tune. Do you give an inspiration dice to her? Sure, I would love to give her an inspiration dice. So the fog fades... So a d8 inspiration dice from the bard as you hear the enchanting, jaunty, bear dancing theme. Oh look over there! It's a bear! Yeah! (all laugh) (bear sounds) Bard getting his bard on.",Performance
Performance,"You begin singing your tune. Do you give an inspiration dice to her? Sure, I would love to give her an inspiration dice. So the fog fades... So a d8 inspiration dice from the bard as you hear the enchanting, jaunty, bear dancing theme. Oh look over there! It's a bear! Yeah! (all laugh) (bear sounds) Bard getting his bard on. Go ahead and make a performance check. Who, me? No, she does. Oh, no! It's not a thing that I'm good at.",Performance
Persuasion,"A little tear on the edge of his face. As you approach up his side - Arm around his shoulder. Immediately, instinctively, he just slaps it off his arm and turns around. Take this, take this! You are an impressive specimen, my good man. I have never had a fight that amazing in at least a week. That was something to see. Here, take this, and after this one there’s three more. He’s drunk. You’re offering him ale. And he’s just been laughing at a bear for two minutes. Yes.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Citizen? I haven't see you about. What's your name? Oh, my name is Tiberius Kraghammer. (all laugh) Like Johnny New York. Shoot, we're in Kraghammer, right? We're in Kraghammer. Oh, Stronghammer. Johnny New York. So, what is it, Kraghammer, or what was it? I meant, I meant Stronghammer. Kraghammer is my father's cousin's side. How drunk are ye? I've been drinking since I've woken.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"If you let us taste a bit of that, we’ll let you go. (Slurred.) Oh, I mean, I've been drinking a lot of it, sure! I mean, a thimble of it because if any of it goes missing - Is it sealed? Is it sealed? Is it sealed? Can we tell if it's sealed? You look at it. It does not have any sort of port or exit on it. It is just a solid barrel. Maybe, we can save some for them. Oh, okay. Here's the thing. If we open it, it'll ruin the barrel, right? Ah, that's right. So, maybe we can save you a bottle of it when we open it inside. And we'll give it to you later.",Persuasion
Stealth,"What are you doing, Scanlan?! What are you doing?! I don't know! Give me twenty minutes! Twenty minutes, that's okay, let's all step away from the house. Ask if he needs assistance or divergent - Divergent? Divergent. So, Margrim, of course, wipes his hands and walks away going: Ah, fucking foreigners. I follow him where he's going. Okay. My nervousness, I let out a little bit of a fart as we - (all laugh)",Stealth
Sleight of Hand,"I think our business here is done. Yes. Very good! At which point you hear muffled in the distance a loud ringing of a very loud bell. At which point he kinda perks up a bit. Our business here is done. Please, shove off. Which way do we go? He looks over to the two other guards who are up front. The two carvers say, “This way.” While he is talking I take a flask out of my cloak and approach the barrel and surreptitiously pour a little bit of it into the flask.",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"But it doesn't matter. He's dead. It doesn't matter. You killed him. All right, cool. (all laugh) So you just ultra killed him! (valley girl voice) He is so dead. Oh my god. This ogre is done. (normal voice) All right. So the other ogre's angry. It's now the goblins' turn. These goblins rush up. They are just dashing forward. (valley girl voice) Oh my god, Becky, they are so dead. (valley girl voice) They’re just like, dead. This one moves around, and this one runs around to there. No attacks.",Insight
Insight,"It doesn't matter. You killed him. All right, cool. (all laugh) So you just ultra killed him! (valley girl voice) He is so dead. Oh my god. This ogre is done. (normal voice) All right. So the other ogre's angry. It's now the goblins' turn. These goblins rush up. They are just dashing forward. (valley girl voice) Oh my god, Becky, they are so dead. (valley girl voice) They’re just like, dead. This one moves around, and this one runs around to there. No attacks. Everyone make an insight check.",Insight
Insight,"(valley girl voice) He is so dead. Oh my god. This ogre is done. (normal voice) All right. So the other ogre's angry. It's now the goblins' turn. These goblins rush up. They are just dashing forward. (valley girl voice) Oh my god, Becky, they are so dead. (valley girl voice) They’re just like, dead. This one moves around, and this one runs around to there. No attacks. Everyone make an insight check. Insight check? Oh shit. What happened? Why are we doing this? I literally get a 1. (sings) Natural 20!",Insight
Intimidation,"All right, I’d say probably over here, not right next to the goblins and that will give you enough range. Okay, so the all of stone - (boom) Are there any guards around still? Any dwarven guards. They are all just watching you do this now. They don't want to put their lives at risk, and you guys seem intent on getting into the middle of this battle, so they are just going to sit back and let you do it. I throw up my wall and turn around and I say: What’s coming?! Tell us! You know what’s coming! What’s coming!?",Intimidation
Athletics,"keeping it attached to you, in some degree. Go ahead and roll for the attack. 8, 9, uh, 17! 17? It just hits! All right, nice. That is... 15. 15 points of damage. As the axe embeds itself pretty deeply into the torso. Oh! I didn't do my Hunter's Mark. Roll Hunter's Mark damage right now. Thank you. Thank you, chatroom! (all laugh) 6! 6? Awesome. 6 damage. All right.",Athletics
Athletics,"8, 9, uh, 17! 17? It just hits! All right, nice. That is... 15. 15 points of damage. As the axe embeds itself pretty deeply into the torso. Oh! I didn't do my Hunter's Mark. Roll Hunter's Mark damage right now. Thank you. Thank you, chatroom! (all laugh) 6! 6? Awesome. 6 damage. All right. This says, 'An athletics-strength check is required to pull the weapon free, the DC12?'",Athletics
Persuasion,"any political means of entry. However, she managed to acquire the necessary documentation and offered you a very substantial reward should you find the whereabouts of Lady Kima of Vord and hopefully bring her back safely. You left on the pathway to the dwarven citadel of Kraghammer. You were ambushed by a group of roaming barbarian goliaths. Part way through the battle, Grog managed to recognize one of them as a previous ally and no longer an ally at this time. Son of a bitch. Yep, the barbarian for his first and only time so far managed to avert battle through a social encounter and rolled pretty damn well on a",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Right. How often do you get challengers in this tavern? ""Not as often as I get woken up from my sleep. Which is never. Because only stupid people ""do that."" Lost cause. Abandon ship! Right. I have an intelligence of six, I know what I'm doing. Okay. There is a very pretty lady over there, with slightly pointy ears. (whispering) I'm talking about you or you. (normal volume) There's two of them! They were actually wanting to ask you a question if you wouldn't mind.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"with slightly pointy ears. (whispering) I'm talking about you or you. (normal volume) There's two of them! They were actually wanting to ask you a question if you wouldn't mind. Make a persuasion roll. Me?! Why is he doing this? Why would you throw this to us? I know! Because I was either going to fight him or I was going to throw boobs at him, and I went with boobs. He realized he was sinking. That's level ten you get that, by the way. Throw Boobs.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"this than I am. ""You called for Balgus, why?"" Oh! Hello, Balgus. Hi, Balgus. We just heard you're so impressive and masculine. Yes! We really wanted to talk to you. I use my Earring of Whisper to Vex. Cool it down. Oh sh-- okay. Calm down. Not so sexy. I reach out and I stroke his bicep because I can't hear that.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"they're terrible people. Anyway, my associates and I were wondering if you might come-- Is that what we're doing? Trying to get him to come with us? Anyway! We're trying to find out more about Greyspine. Where he might be or who his associates might be. Gee, I'm so glad you came over. Would you like to accompany us on this journey that we're taking? We're trying to find the Greyspines and you seem like you would want to come in on this. We think there might be something rotten in the mines.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"we're doing? Trying to get him to come with us? Anyway! We're trying to find out more about Greyspine. Where he might be or who his associates might be. Gee, I'm so glad you came over. Would you like to accompany us on this journey that we're taking? We're trying to find the Greyspines and you seem like you would want to come in on this. We think there might be something rotten in the mines. Make a persuasion roll. You can assist if you like.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"""I have some fine, very rare, very exotic drinks that I could, perchance, sell to you."" Pay the dwarf. How much for this exotic ale? ""How exotic you wanting?"" We want to get in the door. We want him to like us. ""I can give you the finest of thistle branch, dark blood wine. This was crafted by ""myself, from a rare bloodthistle branch that I had brought over from the far-off city of Kamordah. ""This, I personally oversaw. It took me four years to fill this barrel full. It'll cost you 500 gold ""pieces. But it is a king's red wine!""",Persuasion
Perception,"drinks that I could, perchance, sell to you."" Pay the dwarf. How much for this exotic ale? ""How exotic you wanting?"" We want to get in the door. We want him to like us. ""I can give you the finest of thistle branch, dark blood wine. This was crafted by ""myself, from a rare bloodthistle branch that I had brought over from the far-off city of Kamordah. ""This, I personally oversaw. It took me four years to fill this barrel full. It'll cost you 500 gold ""pieces. But it is a king's red wine!"" Can I do a persuasion check-- a",Persuasion
Insight,"Pay the dwarf. How much for this exotic ale? ""How exotic you wanting?"" We want to get in the door. We want him to like us. ""I can give you the finest of thistle branch, dark blood wine. This was crafted by ""myself, from a rare bloodthistle branch that I had brought over from the far-off city of Kamordah. ""This, I personally oversaw. It took me four years to fill this barrel full. It'll cost you 500 gold ""pieces. But it is a king's red wine!"" Can I do a persuasion check-- a perception check to see if he's lying?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"(snobby voice) The marble texture on this is gorgeous. You get about 20 more feet before you get, ""Hail! Hail!"" Oh my! Yes? (giggles) ""You foreigners are wandering too far in districts you don't belong to. What's your business?"" Oh I'm so sorry, I was just so amazed by the architecture here. I wanted to see the beautiful sculpture. We definitely are visitors here, sir, no one has explained the rules to your city. We were just taking in the fantastic architecture and history of Kraghammer. We were told there was a beautiful sculpture down the street of the ruler of Kraghammer?",Persuasion
Perception,"like, ""Oh, I'm not talking to you!"" Some others are like, ""Oh, yeah, right over that way!"" It's a completely wrong direction, so it takes you a good two hours to eventually find your way to House Thunderbrand. When you get there, it's a beautiful large, white dome, with small spires built in to one of the more elevated ceilings of Kraghammer proper. On the outside, there is no gate, just an open lawn. You see grass, you see normally outside flora and fauna currently adorning the scape around this structure. Whoa. Well, this is a lovely sight! I'm going to saunter on up to the door!",Perception
Intimidation,"extremely quickly, drifting into a puddle of water. Shit. I turn back and head to the group. Okay. As you turn around there are four Carvers that are hurrying towards you now, with their hammers out going, ""You!"" What?! They all surround you on all sides, you have a dwarf on each corner. ""You have attacked one of ""the great dwarven families of Kraghammer! Name yourself and your business before you are under arrest."" Don't speak to me in that manner, I am Tiberius Stormwind! I am snoring after having sex.",Intimidation
Persuasion,"18. All four Carvers take a step back, look at each other. ""Look, we're just doing our job. ""What's your business?"" I understand that, and I am sorry for losing my temper. I was just looking to ask questions of particular artifacts I have been looking for and this house is the only known arcane house I know that I was pointed to. I tried to reach them and communicate, but I was stopped by the stupid rune I can't figure out! I was turning back to get my tavern to get some rest and come back and try to contact the family the next day! Then I was stopped by you!",Persuasion
Stealth,"you see it, looks very confused, very scared. It's okay. I'll protect it. Don't worry. Then I bear form up. You (whoosh) into a bear form. Now Keyleth is now this giant bear where Trinket once was. I got my money on Ballsack! Don't bet against the enemy! In the fog I somersault over some random dwarf and pull out my dagger, but turn it around in my hand and whack Balgus in the back of the head as hard as I can, just to try and knock him out. Can you see in fog? He's a really good fighter. Low light.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"Crack! A resounding impact hits and there now dwarves that are like, ""Yeah! Ooh!"" All the cheering stops and there's this lull. Quiet hits. Balgus hasn't moved, by the way. You impact and it's like hitting a wall. There's this taut, thick stump of muscle where the dwarf neck is. Fuck! As you pull back the dagger, his hand reaches up and grabs your wrist. His head slowly turns towards you and he goes, (laughs) Bonus action to disengage. Disengage as a rogue. Well he's going to attempt to grapple you. Oh no.",Acrobatics
Performance,"on that. A couple more levels. No. I'll try. Paper hat! Have you ever seen fireworks go off in a cloud? You get that little boof, boof. There's a bunch of that above you. Cloud, lights flashing. You begin singing your tune. Do you give an inspiration dice to her? Sure, I would love to give her an inspiration dice. A d8 inspiration dice from the bard as you hear the enchanting, jaunty, bear dancing theme. (singing) Oh, look over there! It's a bear! Yeah! Bard getting his bard on.",Performance
Persuasion,"(growls) ""Yeah, there's a happy growl! Oh, it's been so long since I've been outside!"" A little tear on the edge of his face. As you approach up his side-- Arm around his shoulder. Immediately, instinctively, he slaps it off his arm and turns around. Take this! You are an impressive specimen, my good man. I have never had a fight that amazing in at least a week. That was something to see. Here, take this, and after this one there's three more. He's drunk, you're offering him ale, and he's been laughing at a bear for two minutes. Make",Persuasion
Persuasion,"your name?"" Oh, my name is Tiberius Kraghammer. (laughter) Like Johnny New York. Shoot, we're in Kraghammer, right? We're in Kraghammer. Oh, Stronghammer. Johnny New York. ""What is it, Kraghammer, or what was it?"" (laughter) I meant--I meant Stronghammer. Kraghammer is my father's cousin's side. ""How drunk are you?"" I've been drinking since I've woken.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"One of them's like, ""I'll tell you what. If you let us taste a bit of that, we'll let you go."" Oh, I mean, I've been drinking a lot of it, sure! A thimble of it because if any of it goes missing-- Is it sealed? Can we tell if it's sealed? You look at it. It does not have any sort of port or exit on it. It is just a solid barrel. Maybe, we can save some for them. LAURA:. If we open it, it'll ruin the barrel, right? ""Ah, that's right."" Maybe we can save you a bottle of it when we open it inside. We'll give it to you later.",Persuasion
Stealth,"you doing, Scanlan?! What are you doing?! I don't know! Give me 20 minutes! 20 minutes, that's okay! Let's all step away from the house. Ask if he needs assistance or divergent-- Divergent? Divergent. Magrim wipes his hands and walks away going, ""(sigh) Fucking foreigners."" I follow him where he's going. Okay. My nervousness, I let out a little bit of a fart as we--",Stealth
Sleight of Hand,"down. If you come back, good on you. I think our business here is done."" Yes. At which point, you hear muffled in the distance a loud ringing of a very loud bell. (dinging) At which point, he perks up a bit. ""Our business here is done. Please, shove off."" Which way do we go? He looks over to the two other guards who are up front. The two Carvers say, ""This way."" While he is talking I take a flask out of my cloak and approach the barrel and surreptitiously pour a little bit of it into the flask.",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"Yes, all right. That brings us to-- Oh, my Hunter's Mark! I didn't do my Hunter's Mark damage. But it doesn't matter. He's dead. It doesn't matter. You killed him. All right, cool. You just ultra killed him! (valley girl voice) He is so dead. Oh my god. This ogre is done. (normal voice) All right. The other ogre's angry. It's now the goblins' turn. These goblins rush up. They are dashing forward. (valley girl voice) They are so dead. (valley girl voice) They're just, like, dead. This one moves around, and this one runs around to there. No attacks.",Insight
Insight,"Oh, my Hunter's Mark! I didn't do my Hunter's Mark damage. But it doesn't matter. He's dead. It doesn't matter. You killed him. All right, cool. You just ultra killed him! (valley girl voice) He is so dead. Oh my god. This ogre is done. (normal voice) All right. The other ogre's angry. It's now the goblins' turn. These goblins rush up. They are dashing forward. (valley girl voice) They are so dead. (valley girl voice) They're just, like, dead. This one moves around, and this one runs around to there. No attacks. Everyone make an insight check.",Insight
Insight,"All right, cool. You just ultra killed him! (valley girl voice) He is so dead. Oh my god. This ogre is done. (normal voice) All right. The other ogre's angry. It's now the goblins' turn. These goblins rush up. They are dashing forward. (valley girl voice) They are so dead. (valley girl voice) They're just, like, dead. This one moves around, and this one runs around to there. No attacks. Everyone make an insight check. Insight check? Oh shit. What happened? Why are we doing this? I literally get a one.",Insight
Intimidation,"with your movement. All right, I'd say probably over here, not right next to the goblins and that will give you enough range. Okay, so the wall of stone-- (boom) Are there any guards around still? Any dwarven guards? They are all watching you do this now. They don't want to put their lives at risk, and you guys seem intent on getting into the middle of this battle, so they are going to sit back and let you do it. I throw up my wall and turn around and I What's coming?! Tell us! You know what's coming. What's coming?!",Intimidation
Athletics,"takes his double-handed great axe and lobs it overhand. The chain, that's wrapped around your wrist, keeping it attached to you, in some degree. Go ahead and roll for the attack. Eight, nine, 17! 17? It just hits! All right, nice. That is 15. 15 points of damage. The axe embeds itself pretty deeply into the torso. Oh! I didn't do my Hunter's Mark. Roll Hunter's Mark damage right now. Thank you, chatroom! Six! Six? Awesome. Six damage. All right.",Athletics
Athletics,"keeping it attached to you, in some degree. Go ahead and roll for the attack. Eight, nine, 17! 17? It just hits! All right, nice. That is 15. 15 points of damage. The axe embeds itself pretty deeply into the torso. Oh! I didn't do my Hunter's Mark. Roll Hunter's Mark damage right now. Thank you, chatroom! Six! Six? Awesome. Six damage. All right. This says, ""An athletics-strength check is required to pull the weapon free, the DC 12?""",Athletics
Persuasion,"""This deal was not sewn in yet, so no."" Oh. ""But we thank you for your aid."" It is customary in our culture to seal a deal with a drink. As I think you are all aware. Truly, truly. See, I wasn't just fucking with you last week. (group laughs) That's a thing we do. And since we are about to risk our lives... I forgot you did that.",Persuasion
Sleight of Hand,"little ditty on the flute. I thought we could accompany our sip with a little bit of music, not to distract you, just to-- (group laughs) just to sort of accompany us. His nose squints at the sound. (SAM imitates a jaunty flute) ""Gnomish tunes aren't to my ears and liking."" However, you do get an inspiration dice. Yay. All right, so go ahead and make a - (laughs)",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"of each tower. How does the grass grow down here? Can we see any traps or glyphs that are active? He points out to you as you approach, there are a series of stone sigils carved into the stonework that surrounds the exterior of the lawn. Those things! Can we look around and see if there's any way to, a bell to ring that's outside of that area.",Investigation
Nature,"stonework's pretty solid. Cool! Hey, it's a house. Yeah. There are dwarves around. No. Good. As you look about, it's hard to tell the nature. This looks just like a lawn with a well-framed stone exterior. Cool. But there's no fence. There's nothing keeping you from walking into the lawn and towards the building.",Nature
Nature,"There are dwarves around. No. Good. As you look about, it's hard to tell the nature. This looks just like a lawn with a well-framed stone exterior. Cool. But there's no fence. There's nothing keeping you from walking into the lawn and towards the building. Can I do a nature check to see what light source is making all this grass grow, or if it's like magical growing?",Nature
Arcana,"Pull it out. What? Pull out the flying-- Phrasing. Going for the handbook. Yeah, so we know what's going on. Oh, the magic carpet, hold on. Guys, don't forget to subscribe to Geek and Sundry. Oh yeah! Oh, and I cast it at my fourth level slot. You wanna fly it up to the door? What are you casting? Dispel magic.",Arcana
Persuasion,"where we have to go slaughter a bunch of nasties in apparently one of your mines. And we don't know the source. And it appears to be of an extreme arcane nature of the dark sense, and I figured we could come to you for help and some kind of guidance. And I will-- Scanlan, will you stop it! And it appears that you very well know something that we could learn from, with all due respect, of course.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"""Ah, how nice to meet you. ""Where are you from?"" (bad Scottish accent) Oh, hello. (group laughs) Oh, shit. (Liam speaks in Swedish-accented gibberish) Ya, from Sweden. I'm gonna choke on a chip. (coughs) Keyleth is not good at this. Roll with it player, roll with it. I hail from the mountains up north. She had an accident on the way over here. We were hoping maybe--",Persuasion
Persuasion,"have the best of intentions, and when it counts, we're there. We just need a little bit of help going into the mines. And again, Lord Greyspine himself sent us, so please excuse my-- Cornwall? --challenged friends. My cornhole friends. We're here to help. I promise. That's a very Disney moment. Wink, wink, wink. I wink twice.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"things we should particularly buy before we leave going into the mines and encountering nasty naga-type creatures and other kind of things. ""Superior healing potions."" How much are they each, 1500? ""1500 gold pieces."" I'll take one for me, thank you. ""Very well."" We'll very much like to perhaps make a deal with you, that we'll bring you objects of arcane nature for a discount on your wares.",Persuasion
Arcana,"You imagine whatever creatures were barreling through before, this is probably where they came through. All right. That's where we're going. Make an arcane check. Somebody with arcane. Oh yeah, can I look around? Perception. You look around. What are you looking for? I'm looking for, you know. (group laughs) Be specific.",Arcana
Investigation,"What are you looking for? I'm looking for, you know. (group laughs) Be specific. 15 arcana check. Scratch marks for anything. I like the idea of magic perception. I just wanna see if there's anything familiar about the markings, if I can identify any signs of something mystical that's come through here. Like a portal or a prison or a--",Investigation
Investigation,"guys hit the bottom floor. You step off the platform, and you can see there is a secondary minecart that leads from this elevator that curves to the left and leads deeper into the mine proper. To the right of you is the spiral staircase. And you can see now two of the other miner dwarves are dragging a dead body across. Can I look for goblin tracks down here and follow those? (laughs) You can attempt",Investigation
Stealth,"This tunnel goes extremely deep. Whatever managed to dig its way up here came from pretty far under this mine. At no point does it look like the bodies ever moved? Nope, no change in physicality. No sign of struggle. But there are the drag marks all the way? Yeah. And two hours ago, I started stealthing and taking the lead. When we're in the dark. All right, go ahead",Stealth
Perception,"Giant stalagmites and stalactites that just permeate the entirety of this cavern, which has been long, just building and building with elements drawn from the ceiling, from the waters that flow through. You also faintly see a light source-- (whispers) Oh no. --behind one of those rock pillars in the distance. (whispers) Should we go check it out? Do we perceive anything in here with us before going that far in, yes?",Perception
Perception,"Can you not see now? We can see in dim light. Cave bears have darkvision. I'm pretty sure. No, dim light only. Do they? What'd you turn into? It doesn't matter, do you want me to turn it back on? A cave bear. Yeah, subterranean bears, they have darkvision. All right. So. He can just make light again.",Perception
Arcana,"On Grog? Okay. I don't think it's magic. Yeah, he's being controlled by it. He can do whatever. It's more natural, it's creature-based. She's also being controlled. I know, but you're a big, hulking, crazy mofo. No, it is a magical force. Yes, it is. Forced to make a save. Save me, save me.",Arcana
Athletics,"You should be a rhinoceros. We're just waiting for you to scream, ""It's morphin time!"" It's morphing time! Bear! Oh my god, can you make me smoke bombs that smoke, and I say, ""It's morphin time""? So you can make a grapple attempt in place of one of your attacks. Okay. That's what I want to do. All right. So I just strength check then?",Athletics
Athletics,"It's a waterfall, oh. (imitates thudding) You both plunge underneath the water's surface. Take a big old breath right beforehand, and I'm going underwater. Wait, can you let him go and let him drown? Yeah, let him go, 'cause it's a waterfall. No, I'm holding on to him. But Keyleth, there's a waterfall. It's fine. It's now its turn. It's going to try and break your grapple.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"(laughs) That's an attack. It's the world's easiest grapple throw. You threw him forever. Then I'm good. That's it? Well, that's my action, right? Correct. And I only have one. You can move, you can move. All right, so then, I'll hop through, through Percy and my sister. And run up behind the shithead who's fucking with Keyleth.",Acrobatics
Stealth,"Cause that's as far as you can move currently. Actually you can move two more. Can I see anything from that point? All you see is Grog over there. They're covered and he's around the bend, so I'd run in further. All right, I'll run in further. Can I run in and stealth or is that it? Uh, you can attempt to. I'm gonna try to stealth as I'm going in. You're at disadvantage",Stealth
Intimidation,"That's enough. As the arrow (imitates arrow flying), careens off, slams into the chest. (groans) It catches itself, steps back, and plummets off the side of the cliff onto the lower floor about 20 feet down. Smack, onto the ground. And I ask Scanlan to dispel the stank cloud. Dispel the stank. And I yell-- Can I yell out ""surrender"" in Undercommon? You yell out, (speaks angry gibberish)! (Laura speaks angry gibberish)",Intimidation
Investigation,"-- and slap him on the face a few times. You slap him. Nothing. You slap him. Nothing. You slap him. No response. Someone, quick! Draw a dick on his face! I also bend down and slap him a few times. (all laugh) And then I say, I knew it wouldn't work. I just-- Dammit, Grog! I'm going to actually try a crude medical examination to see if I can--",Investigation
Intimidation,"the wounds. There's more than one way to make someone talk! Ugh. I'm going to shoot my gun off-- get it nice and hot right at the tip and start cauterizing the wounds. Okay so (gunshot). And the flash goes off. The sound of blast echoes throughout the entirety of the cavern. You can hear (echoing gunshot) cascade off. A little warning next time! He takes the barrel, slams it into the shoulder and the sizzling sound as she reaches",Intimidation
Intimidation,"female duergar's face, and it's-- ""There was a halfling, aye. She was foolish enough to come down here alone. She's dead now."" (gasps) ""We've taken her life and it was delicious."" I drag her to her feet. Walk her over to the edge of the cliff where the water is, and hold Now's her last chance to give us anything useful to lead to her boss, I guess. All right. It's your last chance. Give us something useful? And we'll end this painlessly. Don't, and we'll make you suffer.",Intimidation
Insight,"(squeaky voice) To assist me? 19. 19. Okay, go ahead and roll again. Oh. Drip drip drip drip drip. I'm giving you the advantage on the roll because he has a blade to her now. Oh, okay. Okay, still 14. Still 14. I should've rolled my other one. To see. Just to see. She laughs and says: ""Your friend's dead! All is lost! You came for nothing!"" Can I tell if she's lying? Is it--",Insight
Insight,"19. 19. Okay, go ahead and roll again. Oh. Drip drip drip drip drip. I'm giving you the advantage on the roll because he has a blade to her now. Oh, okay. Okay, still 14. Still 14. I should've rolled my other one. To see. Just to see. She laughs and says: ""Your friend's dead! All is lost! You came for nothing!"" Can I tell if she's lying? Is it-- Make an insight check.",Insight
Insight,"Oh. Drip drip drip drip drip. I'm giving you the advantage on the roll because he has a blade to her now. Oh, okay. Okay, still 14. Still 14. I should've rolled my other one. To see. Just to see. She laughs and says: ""Your friend's dead! All is lost! You came for nothing!"" Can I tell if she's lying? Is it-- Make an insight check. Insight check? Oop. No. (laughs) Okay, can I see if she's lying?",Insight
Religion,"Yes. You head back. Keyleth-- Terrible taxidermy attempt. -- as you are taking first watch, you notice that the campsite that the duergar were using, where you guys are currently resting for the evening, it's been there for a while and it looks like the duergar have repurposed it. The fire-- the stones that were set up around the actual fire pit have probably been there for quite some time, and were set up very uniformly and very well placed. Right above you, on one of the stone walls, you see what appears to be a strange, very well carved symbol. Hard to recognize it. Go ahead",Religion
Stealth,"as you move forward and the light begins to open up, you can see small pockets of that red stone that's used to light a bunch of Kraghammer. You can start seeing elements of it embedded in the walls of the cavern ahead and just faintly giving this reddish glow and the outline of some shapes. You begin to step into the outskirts about 60 feet ahead of what looks like a series of huts, small stone structures cobbled together with small stone and stacked on each other. Simple driftwood and broken pieces of scavenged material put into small buildings. It's a very kinda ramshackle village underground. Let's burn it down.",Investigation
Investigation,"A straight up with a big ol'-- I think it's like 500 feet. 500 feet is the maximum length. So. You guys approach slowly, the light source opens up, and you see now a multitude of goblin bodies strewn about the open area of this village. You can see there are actually piles of corpses stuffed into some of these huts in the sides that aren't goblin. You can see what looks like a few small dwarven bodies piled up on the side. As you kinda glance over you look, some of them are partially eaten like they have been stripped for meat. Ew. What?",Investigation
Arcana,"Magical. It's fine. I cast Prestidigitation and clean it all up. I take it. Okay, so you shake off the element-- All the goo. -- the remaining elements of the dwarven corpse. Just falls off out of the armor. You have to kind of shake it and eventually all of it escapes-- Yes. Thank you! Dwarven corpse. It's like pulled pork. Mm.",Perception
Stealth,"You guys keep pushing forward. Is that what we're going to do? All right. All right, as you begin to press through the goblin ghost town-- We've got to get it closer than that. I'm still tracking, looking for anything interesting. Which you do, you catch, off in the distance, another faint moving light source. Oh shit! Hey, everybody, calm down. Huh? Sh! There's something moving in the distance.",Stealth
Stealth,"Is that what we're going to do? All right. All right, as you begin to press through the goblin ghost town-- We've got to get it closer than that. I'm still tracking, looking for anything interesting. Which you do, you catch, off in the distance, another faint moving light source. Oh shit! Hey, everybody, calm down. Huh? Sh! There's something moving in the distance. Everyone roll a stealth check.",Stealth
Stealth,"All right, as you begin to press through the goblin ghost town-- We've got to get it closer than that. I'm still tracking, looking for anything interesting. Which you do, you catch, off in the distance, another faint moving light source. Oh shit! Hey, everybody, calm down. Huh? Sh! There's something moving in the distance. Everyone roll a stealth check. Stealth check? Yes.",Stealth
Stealth,"difficulty. Yay, bell curve. So you seem to be comfortable in the stillness of the moment. Best you can see in the distance, you see figures shifting, moving away from you. (whispers) Sh, figures! Many figures. A fairly large group of seeming to be humanoid figures, moving steadily away from you. Can we scout ahead? We're both really super stealth, can we like-- Yeah, we're gonna start kinda quickly dash after them.",Stealth
Perception,"12. 12 I count. From what you can see it looks about 12-ish And they have a light source with them so we can definitely see them? They do, it's a very faint light. It's like a small cluster of the red stone that's been mined and put into a spherical element and is hanging from a chain like a lantern. We have two options. We can fight them. We could fight now. Or follow them. Follow. I think we follow them. Do I see any-- are there any bats?",Investigation
Stealth,"It's about the right size. Shotgun. The carpet begins to lift off, and you kind of will it towards-- Are you going straight over the bridge or are you taking a side route? We're going next to the bridge. Side and up. 'Cause they can look sideways. I think we should go down below the bridge. If you're on a bridge, you're looking down at your feet. Let's go above them. All right, fine, fuck it, go above them. Okay so you guys, you take up over. First",Stealth
Stealth,"for you here, if there's trouble. Ding-a-ling-a-ling! Yes. Got it. All right. All right. I go back, thanks. Shit. Thanks for sending me back. I go back. Go get the others. All right. Okay. Scanlan. As you go ahead, make your way in towards the city,",Stealth
Stealth,"the center of this main area, you do see, there is a wooden platform, about 20 foot by 20 foot, that is raised up, and you see a group of about six duergar that are all wearing very intricate, black iron plate armor. And they're all just sitting on the outskirts of this platform. White eyes? All the duergar seem to have that natural look to their eyes as well. Shit. Okay. As the party you've been following enters the center of this vicinity,",Perception
Stealth,"walk out, carrying cudgels at their side, still dripping with fresh blood. They kind of go amongst their own business from there. Okay. I think I'll go back to my fellows. There's nothing I can see-- that door doesn't lock-- does it lock by any chance? It's just an opening tent. Open tent. There's nothing lying around, none of that black armor lying around or anything? Any extra things -- Not on the street. Okay, I think I will just make back for my friends, then.",Stealth
Survival,"of that black armor lying around or anything? Any extra things -- Not on the street. Okay, I think I will just make back for my friends, then. Okay, make a stealth check. Oh, god. With advantage? With advantage. (all laugh) 21. You maneuver your way out back the way you came, best you can, remembering-- you get disoriented in general trying to find your way",Survival
Survival,"Not on the street. Okay, I think I will just make back for my friends, then. Okay, make a stealth check. Oh, god. With advantage? With advantage. (all laugh) 21. You maneuver your way out back the way you came, best you can, remembering-- you get disoriented in general trying to find your way out. Go ahead and make a survival check. Oh no!",Survival
Nature,"dwarves being held against their will, and then one by one being brain sucked by Mr. Lanky Man. And those two big trolls. Percy, could you take a look at this? Two big trolls, and ogres, don't forget ogres, there's ogres too. There are ogres? Yes, there were two big ogres as well. And duergar aplenty-- maybe four dozen or so, three dozen? Spread throughout the city, throughout this little camp, Scanlan. Wandering. Yes. You know my tactic.",Nature
Acrobatics,"Both hit with their swords. Are you on the carpet, Vax? He's getting it out. I don't know, I said I was. Get on it, now. As you're running and pulling the carpet out-- Yes! -- the bridge is cut clean-- (gasps) Son of a bitch. -- and begins to fall out from under you. Okay. You go pulling out the--",Acrobatics
Athletics,"Wait, you're unconscious? I don't know what I am. I ask right now, is he-- He's like catatonic. He is, okay. Then I don't do that, because you can't fly yourself, so I do grab him, this time. Okay, you grab him as his whole weight goes onto you. What's your strength? Oh my god. It has been nice knowing you, ladies and gentlemen. 12. No, no, no.",Athletics
Perception,"Fudge! -- and all the rest of the duergar are now retreating into the city. Man! What're you gonna do? All of our shit's gone. Okay. Okay. What're we gonna do? Leave? Maybe we can-- can we walk up and see-- Let's take a short rest. -- if we can find another bridge? While we're figuring this out. If you want to. Okay. So you walk over to the edge, and you kind of look across to the",Stealth
Stealth,"All right. Can you turn into an animal? I fly back up to tell them what's going on. Oh, I can! I go into a black panther form. Okay. Scanlan, remember when we had women in this party? Okay, and I stealth. (laughs) Okay, both of you guys roll stealth. Panthers have, like, advantage on stealth, something like that?",Stealth
Nature,"and is currently taking it away. You motherfucker. So you guys are on the bottom of this crevasse and Tiberius disappears into the darkness. Okay, well, go ahead and roll-- this would be survival for tracking? Just to get an idea for anything around you see. 16. You do see some scratches into the mud of the surface there that lead into a tunnel. You see drag marks, you see footprints, and that's the best you can make out at this in this point in time. But the footprints appear to be dwarven, or dwarf-sized in nature.",Nature
Persuasion,"""What, who are you?"" I drop to my knees and I look at him and just say, it's okay, we're friends. He puts up a hand like this and you see there's a flicker of arcane energy and a barrier appears between you and this creature. And just looks. I take my Druidcraft and I just make a little flower. Oh my God. (all laugh) And there's a pretty little tulip and I lay it at the edge of the barrier. (Gollum voice) Nasty.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"face, and it looks to be wearing remnants of a robe similar to what Scanlan was describing. However, it is tattered, it's dirtied, sullied by the elements and god knows what other liquids. It also has this strange kind of metallic skull cap that's currently placed around its head. And it just, ""Leave me in peace, then, or give me a reason not to slay you where you stand."" (whispers) Revenge. We can help you get revenge against your brethren who did this to you. There's a slight change in mood, you just feel. ""Revenge?"" Yes.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"(all laugh) (Jimmy Stewart voice) Clarence, Clarence! Clara. It could be a she. We are very interested in being allies with you. Might we have your word that upon defeating this creature, we will be safe? And as a symbol of our dedication to you, I'd love to play you just a little bit of a song that might heal some of those wounds and scrapes that you seem to have all over your body. He gives you the dirtiest look you've ever received. (whispers) It was because of the arcane! It's a pretty good song!",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Come on, Burt Reynolds! Hm. Ooh! 17. (all laugh) He takes a sudden step forward towards you, his tentacles-- (slithering noises) Ew, ugh! ""Play this song."" Break out the-- It better be good! (sings) When I get that feeling, I want Clarota healing. Clarota healing is something that's good for you. Ooh ooh ooh. (sings embellished melisma) Clarota's dancing, I can see it!",Performance
Performance,"(all laugh) He takes a sudden step forward towards you, his tentacles-- (slithering noises) Ew, ugh! ""Play this song."" Break out the-- It better be good! (sings) When I get that feeling, I want Clarota healing. Clarota healing is something that's good for you. Ooh ooh ooh. (sings embellished melisma) Clarota's dancing, I can see it! Make a persuasion check-- no, a performance check.",Performance
Perception,"share with the world! Later, later. Save it for the mind flayer. So with him tucked under my arm like a football, I start to creep further. And try to make out-- if there's light from the lantern, I can see in dim light, thanks to daddy's blood, so. I'm gonna try to figure out what it is exactly that I'm seeing. Go ahead and make",Perception
Perception,"I start to creep further. And try to make out-- if there's light from the lantern, I can see in dim light, thanks to daddy's blood, so. I'm gonna try to figure out what it is exactly that I'm seeing. Go ahead and make a perception check. I also have low light vision. You can make perception check with disadvantage, because you're under his arm.",Perception
Religion,"was against the stone wall right above the ring of stones that form the fire itself, there is a giant symbol carved into the stone that is a protective sigil of Bahamut, the platinum dragon, which is a religious symbol of protection, used in different divine rituals. We were looking at that, we couldn't make heads or tails of it. You ever seen that before? No. (all laugh)",Religion
Insight,"and for a friend of ours who's lost in the darkness, who we are here to retrieve. ""For this deed, of freeing my people from this ""insidious presence that is K'varn..."" Freeing all of our people. ""I believe this could be arranged."" Scanlan, does he speak true? Uh. Let's find out. (all laugh) I'm gonna just see if I can detect any lies.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"command them to all jump in the lake, for instance. That would get rid of a lot of them all at once. Can you make me invisible? I can get you there. I can make you unseeable, but not invisible. What? What's the difference? I can make you a fly. May I examine-- without removing-- may I examine your device? Oh, shit.",Persuasion
Stealth,"to vibrate and shake. I get up and look around. Is Clay awake? (all laugh) Eyes are open, just sitting there. Clarota, do you know what that rumbling is? ""There are many creatures that live in this rock. ""You'd best be still."" Ooh, still. ""Still."" Don't move. So, vocal warm ups.",Persuasion
Survival,"We'll be putting those out for every 50 subscribers we get tonight. We'll be choosing one to win that awesome award, our wonderful package, so keep that in mind. So the plan is again, you and I, stealth. The rest, attack with light? What's first, what's second, what happens here? Well, I need to take a moment to find some-- I'm gonna look around and see if I can find any pitch, anywhere in the goblin camp.",Survival
Stealth,"As you begin to make it to the other side, you can see tiny shapes moving in this barely lit war camp of the duergar. As you're coasting over, and Clarota is along with you guys with his hood up, he kind of whispers into all of your heads, just, ""Beware that some of these armies ""carry abominations created below within my city. ""I know not what to expect from them. ""So be wary."" As this happens, everyone",Stealth
Stealth,"and Clarota is along with you guys with his hood up, he kind of whispers into all of your heads, just, ""Beware that some of these armies ""carry abominations created below within my city. ""I know not what to expect from them. ""So be wary."" As this happens, everyone make a stealth check. Everyone, because of the Pass Without A Track, everyone gets a plus ten",Stealth
Stealth,"to assist you. There's no verbal response, but you do just emotionally sense a slight hint of regret. (all laugh) Emanating from the mind flayer. We got this! All right, let's go land on the roof. All right, let's do it. You guys descend. Down, down. Eagle flies down, you both, (wind rushing), as part of the landing,",Perception
Acrobatics,"I take Scanlan by the scruff, and swing him down. Oh, I turn invisible. As you grab him and you're bringing him down, you cast Invisibility on yourself, you both vanish now, all the rest of you are kind of holding your breath, hoping that now that you don't know what's happening, it's gonna go well. I'm scaling in after him. Go ahead and just make",Acrobatics
Stealth,"Come on in! Look, my sister's here. Hello! We'll make it work. We'll bring you up to speed later, you're on the roof of Osama Bin Laden's house. (all laugh) So question for the DM, I'm invisible. Do I need to stealth, do I stealth? There's still a stealth check 'cause you're invisible, but noise is still a factor. You just have",Stealth
Stealth,"you're on the roof of Osama Bin Laden's house. (all laugh) So question for the DM, I'm invisible. Do I need to stealth, do I stealth? There's still a stealth check 'cause you're invisible, but noise is still a factor. You just have advantage on your stealth check. So, I think we should probably stealth. And start moving in. Yeah, that's, we tug each other. Beyond being invisible, you",Stealth
Perception,"back against the wall, and let him slide against it, and grab Scanlan, and into the room. Into this room? There's Scanlan. He's still standing up, kind of. Why is he leading Scanlan, what's happening? (shushes) While I'm invisible, I look around for traps. I'm just gonna see if there's any trap doors.",Investigation
Stealth,"I put the bucket of shit into Scanlan's hands. What are you doing? Give him a little nudge, a gentle little nudge. I step forward into the room, and I hurl it at the fucker's face. The mind controllers. And I'm rolling behind him at the same time. Behind the illithid, ready to go. So I'll say you go up here as well? Oh yeah, behind him, behind him. What is happening?",Stealth
Acrobatics,"Nine. Nine damage, okay. As you swing the ax down, slam, it hits the wood. With the sheer weight of you there, and most of you guys conglomerated at that point, the actual roof breaks open and splits, into a small space. You slide down in the process. I jump on to Grog's foot. (all laugh) All right. Go ahead, both of you",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"With the sheer weight of you there, and most of you guys conglomerated at that point, the actual roof breaks open and splits, into a small space. You slide down in the process. I jump on to Grog's foot. (all laugh) All right. Go ahead, both of you make an acrobatics check. Oh, I wouldn't have had to do it. All right, well, I'm in the building. 21.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"You are now flat on your back, the wind knocked out of you for a minute. Pike! I'm okay, I'm okay! Oh okay, thank God. All right. That brings us now, Vex and Percy are the same. You first? Or should I go first? Let's go down at the same time. We'll go, we both jump down at the same time. Both jump down, go ahead and make your",Acrobatics
Intimidation,"Yes. You can make him do whatever. I'm going to tell him to stand down, and tell all of his allies to stand down. All right. He turns around. Gives you a look, a strange look, he goes. ""Men, all of you, drop your weapons! ""Now. ""We are surrendering to our new infiltrators."" He throws his war hammer to the ground. The rest of them all kind of look around. Go ahead and, I'm gonna have",Intimidation
Stealth,"and I tie his hands behind his back. And kind of grapple him. So that'll break the spell. Well no, I'm not damaging him, I'm just-- Hugging him. Yeah. Hugging him with vines. Vine hugs. As this is happening, you guys feel a familiar tremble. Oh no. Be quiet. In the ground. DM is out of his mind.",Stealth
Stealth,"Vine hugs. As this is happening, you guys feel a familiar tremble. Oh no. Be quiet. In the ground. DM is out of his mind. Everyone make a stealth check. (all laugh) Damn it. Oh, that's a 20. That is a 20. (whimpers) This is the second time I",Stealth
Acrobatics,"22. All right. There is the rumble, gets louder and louder, and you can see the duergar looking around nervously. The rumbling kind of fades for a second. And with a cacophonous cracking sound, the stone floor beneath you splits open. No! Right here. (groans)",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"While you wear these boots, you can use a bonus action, and click the boots' heels together, if you do, the boots double your walking speed for one minute. So you can move ten squares, takes your bonus action. So then, I'm so sorry, I can't see the squares. So if I can get ten to get over there. So you go one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, there is a ledge there, and he's blocking the way up, so nine, ten,",Stealth
Intimidation,"""I don't know what you're talking about."" A female halfling. She came down here. ""Well, she wouldn't have gotten far if she did. Not with my people."" I take my dagger and stick it in about a centimeter and say, your master is gone, it's just you and your friends here now, I think it's in your best interest to talk. You could walk away from here. You don't have to die if you can play nicely. And believe me when I tell you he usually kills everybody. He doesn't give that offer very often. (all laugh)",Intimidation
Insight,"""You're welcome to go for her there."" Who's this king of yours? King what? Murgholt? ""Murghol."" Which way should we head? ""Ooh, down, probably."" I mean, is there any particular shortcuts or less running into your kind along the way, I suppose? ""I highly doubt it."" He spits in your direction. Oh! Prestidigitation. And I catch it and throw it back into his face.",Insight
Intimidation,"Parseltongue? It's like Pig Latin. (speaking Undercommon) Mm, no! Ere-way are the idden-hay assages-pay? It's kind of reminiscent of Black Speech from the Tolkien universe, that has that guttural (speaking Black Speech) very, very deep. Oh right, that. (speaking Black Speech) A little bit like a whispering darkness to it. As she speaks this tongue, it catches a lot of you off guard, you've not heard her use this tongue until this point.",Perception
Insight,"satisfied, are you satisfied? What kind of creature is K'varn? What is K'varn? ""I have not seen K'varn personally."" But you've heard rumors, though? ""What I know of K'varn-- a being of immense intelligence. A creature that needs not walk this ""earth, one that does not touch the land that it traverses. I know it sees all, it smiles from a ""toothy maw and laughs, laughs in the darkness. Protruding from its forehead, one nasty, gnarled ""black horn, terrible source of its dark power. That is what's beneath here."" Is he telling the truth?",Insight
Insight,"What kind of creature is K'varn? What is K'varn? ""I have not seen K'varn personally."" But you've heard rumors, though? ""What I know of K'varn-- a being of immense intelligence. A creature that needs not walk this ""earth, one that does not touch the land that it traverses. I know it sees all, it smiles from a ""toothy maw and laughs, laughs in the darkness. Protruding from its forehead, one nasty, gnarled ""black horn, terrible source of its dark power. That is what's beneath here."" Is he telling the truth? Insight check.",Insight
Nature,"But you've heard rumors, though? ""What I know of K'varn-- a being of immense intelligence. A creature that needs not walk this ""earth, one that does not touch the land that it traverses. I know it sees all, it smiles from a ""toothy maw and laughs, laughs in the darkness. Protruding from its forehead, one nasty, gnarled ""black horn, terrible source of its dark power. That is what's beneath here."" Is he telling the truth? Insight check. Insight check for me as well. Would I recognize this creature he's describing?",Nature
Nature,"traverses. I know it sees all, it smiles from a ""toothy maw and laughs, laughs in the darkness. Protruding from its forehead, one nasty, gnarled ""black horn, terrible source of its dark power. That is what's beneath here."" Is he telling the truth? Insight check. Insight check for me as well. Would I recognize this creature he's describing? Go ahead and make a nature check. Or arcana, either one. Can I assist him? Or arcana? 14.",Nature
Insight,"flesh once. Wait, wait. He's telling us, shut up. Yes, sorry. ""Emberhold is the fortress of our people, built to resist assault from all sides."" Shite. ""We've an army, hiding about the outskirts of it. Kind of like an army you might have in one ""of yours, if you think you have a chance. However, since I don't think that's what you carry, your ""best bet is on the left side of the fortress. There are two streams of molten rock that pour ""down the side. The smaller of those two streams covers a secret tunnel.""",Insight
Perception,"Wasn't the deal! Alive was the deal. We said you were alive, your weapons were ours. What, have you got shit in your ears? I thought you meant you wouldn't get dirty, like you know, not spoiled. Which I was totally fine with. Takes a couple of steps forward towards you, holding the warhammer out. Your skull is unspoiled. Suddenly, he turns completely invisible, vanishes from sight. My perception's really high, can I try to find him?",Perception
Perception,"ours. What, have you got shit in your ears? I thought you meant you wouldn't get dirty, like you know, not spoiled. Which I was totally fine with. Takes a couple of steps forward towards you, holding the warhammer out. Your skull is unspoiled. Suddenly, he turns completely invisible, vanishes from sight. My perception's really high, can I try to find him? Yeah, we can. Perception check. You dicks. You hear (footsteps running).",Perception
Arcana,"these things? How many sets were there? From what is in here, that would be 11 sets, total. Yes, that hammer is amazing, obviously, because we saw it in action. I'd say Grog should have it. 11 sets of armor! Because there were also sets that were on the rack at the very front. Nice! Hey. Is Grog about to get a new weapon? 11 sets of armor, okay.",Arcana
Arcana,"How many sets were there? From what is in here, that would be 11 sets, total. Yes, that hammer is amazing, obviously, because we saw it in action. I'd say Grog should have it. 11 sets of armor! Because there were also sets that were on the rack at the very front. Nice! Hey. Is Grog about to get a new weapon? 11 sets of armor, okay. And I'll do an arcana check, right? An",Arcana
Arcana,"From what is in here, that would be 11 sets, total. Yes, that hammer is amazing, obviously, because we saw it in action. I'd say Grog should have it. 11 sets of armor! Because there were also sets that were on the rack at the very front. Nice! Hey. Is Grog about to get a new weapon? 11 sets of armor, okay. And I'll do an arcana check, right? An arcana check on the stuff?",Arcana
Stealth,"didn't come with you to the battle, because there was nobody to get Trinket across. Oh, he's just on the other side by himself, all lonely? Yeah, I know. He's in goblin town. Eh, you weren't here. (all laugh) You weren't here to protect your bear. That's so terrible. He's safe over there? Hopefully. Oh Trinket! He's been raging.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"Party trick. Okay, you guys are out in the middle of the open cavern. There's no place to connect the bridge, so you're essentially creating a giant ice-- Chunk. Chunk right beneath them. Which is also now in freefall. Huh? No! Yes. Even wizards make mistakes. Damn it! So as you guys try and swoop underneath as they're plummeting-- You're riding this, go ahead",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Where's Grog at? He's falling. Grog's gone. Grog's down. Grog is completely separate from you. He was flying, and lost concentration of his spell. Grog's like a stone. No, Grog! Can I leap towards him? Off what? And do what? Off of the carpet-- Off of the carpet! Yes! Do what? You leap off of the carpet?",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Go ahead and make an acrobatics check. With a disadvantage, because you are jumping off of a currently flimsy flying carpet to try and catch up to him. Oh no. Right now, while I'm doing this, I'm going to cast Featherfall on myself. Wait, before, you gotta get to me first, because it will slow you too much. Oh. It would, wouldn't it? I thought it was only when going down. Gotta get to me first, motherfucker. Go for it. Whoa. Okay.",Acrobatics
Medicine,"to-- they, as he notices what you're doing, kind of relax and open up, and you can now see the circular, lamprey-like, toothy maw of the mind flayer. It's a very disturbing, disgusting image, with this jagged, yellow teeth, in a circular form. You pop the cork, and just pour it in. As you do, you see the wounds across Clarota's form begin to seal. The arrow is still stuck in its torso. Can we try to pull it out? Try to break off the part-- You can certainly try. I got it (snap)! Go ahead and make a-- this would be a",Medicine
Perception,"Here, sit on this, Clarota. If you need it. That'd be easier, yes. Clarota gets up on the carpet and-- ""Thank you."" The carpet kind of drifts alongside you guys. You guys are pushing backwards towards the cavern. The tunnel kind of begins to pinch a little bit. It gets to about a 15-foot width before it opens up again. You're about a hundred feet back. You can now see it opening into a-- what looks like an extension of the war camp. (all groan) We should've gone down! What were we thinking?",Perception
Perception,"before it opens up again. You're about a hundred feet back. You can now see it opening into a-- what looks like an extension of the war camp. (all groan) We should've gone down! What were we thinking? Go ahead and make a perception check. That guy was lying. Well, he said go down. We didn't go down. 21 for me. 13 for me. I like how my passive perception is way higher than any rolls that I ever do. I do keep that-- I keep tabs on that. 22.",Perception
Stealth,"Lay low. Let them come. I think so. (whispers) What? You're just really-- Keep sleeping and shut up! No, no, no, I rouse my sister quietly. What? Oh. Fine. She's in this tent. Wake her up. What's going-- (whispers) Quiet. All right. Leaving the rest asleep? Yeah. I stealth.",Stealth
Athletics,"back out now that you've been sealed in. Can we squish through the little cracks? No. We have to cut it down? You have about a five, six-inch gap between each of them. So we've gotta break our way out of here, Grog. Oh, do I get to hit things? You do. Start smacking the wall. My god. Can I just give it a try, just to see? Try make a dent.",Athletics
Athletics,"The smell is this combination of still water, groundwater type of a scent mixed with an ever-growing kind of sulfur-type, brimstone smell. Smells like Grog. I would like to trip Vax. (all laugh) That was quick. (all laugh) As he's walking. I insult you and you trip me in a half a second? Would you like to take a shot at my nads as well? You knew it was coming, as well.",Perception
Acrobatics,"ever-growing kind of sulfur-type, brimstone smell. Smells like Grog. I would like to trip Vax. (all laugh) That was quick. (all laugh) As he's walking. I insult you and you trip me in a half a second? Would you like to take a shot at my nads as well? You knew it was coming, as well. Make an athletics check. Yes! 24!",Perception
Acrobatics,"These caverns are getting to us. (all laugh) Clarota shuffles alongside you guys. Right, everyone, we're getting slap-happy. All right, all right, all right, let's call this. That's all I wanted. Lack of oxygen. We're going crazy down here. Grog, it's only 9:30 in the morning. I feel fine. For christ's sake. As you guys are walking, you're welcome to make chatter, any discussions you'd like.",Acrobatics
Perception,"I think-- I bet that's the one, because he mentioned molten lava or something. So she's being held there and then further in is K'varn. Yeah. So get there, get K'varn. ""Yes, Emberhold, yes."" Emberhold, yes. Is that an obsidian fortress? ""It is black and jagged, I think, yes."" Well, let's keep going that way. So the ultimate question is, are we heading the right way? Are we heading the right way, Pike, do you know?",Perception
Stealth,"Does it give me an advantage? Here, there's a sheet that has all the information you need. Oh good, thank you. By the way, I take one of the earrings from Scanlan and give it to Grog. So Grog, now you've got one of the-- I've got an earring? Scanlan is not happy about this. Well? He's not saying anything. Everyone, there's footsteps coming from ahead. Let Vex'ahlia and I scout ahead. Wait for a moment. Yes, okay. Let's go.",Stealth
Stealth,"Total for that, 62 points of damage. 62 points of damage. Wow. You leap on and entirely eviscerate the ogre. You jumped onto his back, slashing the back of his torso. As you pull open the flesh, you expose the back of the ribcage, and he goes into this kind of gurgling sound as it dies immediately on the spot. Oh, what? And I use my bonus action to hide. Okay. Do you wanna talk to the other one, since-- 62.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"For the eyeballs. Two plus seven is-- I'm sorry I let the ooze loose. It's okay. 40. 52. 52. As you reach behind, the daggers plunge into it, and the ogre lumbering over doesn't have any more to its life. Its jaw just goes slack as it releases the last bit of air in its lungs, tumbling forward, piling onto his friend. As it does, I want to use my bonus action to spring off his shoulders towards my friends. Okay. Okay. That's good. This direction? All right, go ahead and make",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"where you are? I'm gonna back up and get against the wall. Oh wait, that's me! That's you there. Oh, I was thinking I was Keyleth, I'm gonna come up next to Keyleth. All right, so right there? No, against the wall. All right, there? Yeah. All right. That ends your turn. Vax, you're up. Okay, I'm gonna run over the dude in the lava, I'm gonna jump on him, probably make an",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Oh wait, that's me! That's you there. Oh, I was thinking I was Keyleth, I'm gonna come up next to Keyleth. All right, so right there? No, against the wall. All right, there? Yeah. All right. That ends your turn. Vax, you're up. Okay, I'm gonna run over the dude in the lava, I'm gonna jump on him, probably make an acrobatics check and land right around here, between the two little slimes.",Acrobatics
Investigation,"Grog takes the top off and does a-- Loaner! Loaner. Put it back on. Loaner. It's his, he's keeping it. It's going to stink like Grog, you won't want that back. The things I'm gonna do in this armor, you're not going to want it back. Just give me and Scanlan one night to break it in, and I promise you, it will be mine. Just the two of you? Well, uh, you know what I mean. Who am I talking to? All right, well, go ahead and roll an",Investigation
Investigation,"Loaner! Loaner. Put it back on. Loaner. It's his, he's keeping it. It's going to stink like Grog, you won't want that back. The things I'm gonna do in this armor, you're not going to want it back. Just give me and Scanlan one night to break it in, and I promise you, it will be mine. Just the two of you? Well, uh, you know what I mean. Who am I talking to? All right, well, go ahead and roll an investigation check.",Investigation
Stealth,"So 3 to 4 miles up, you said, from where we are at this point? Yeah. From where you began. Should we be stealthing? We should probably start stealthing at this point, yes. Yes. I was about to say I'd like to move ahead of the group a bit and start sneaking along. Let's do that! Go ahead and roll stealth. Do I have advantage like my sister had for-- You do not. No. All right, well-- Should we all try to stealth? 26 for me.",Stealth
Perception,"who has the Underdark as her favored terrain. Oh, I'll go back, then. Should I? Or is it okay because we're all together? It's okay because you guys are in theory together. I'm going to say essentially you're just marking places where the terrain would be dangerous, to watch your step and to be wary of any locations that might be unsafe for load bearing, anything like that. Yeah, I saw that look. You calling me load bearing? (all laugh) Yes! That's honest. Specific. As you guys begin to curve around the left,",Perception
Perception,"Just a little bit ahead and see what we can see. Okay. So, the two of you kind of work up. As the rest of you are holding back, the twins slink between the various rock formations and strange, jagged spires that are currently peppering this entire underground landscape. You get up to a point where you're maybe 10 feet from the road and with your backs against the rock, you can begin to see the roving band slowly move around. (whispering) Band? The band of duergar. You count, at quick glance, roughly 12 to 15. Oh, yeah... Armed with hammers, halberds, um...",Perception
Perception,"Okay. So, the two of you kind of work up. As the rest of you are holding back, the twins slink between the various rock formations and strange, jagged spires that are currently peppering this entire underground landscape. You get up to a point where you're maybe 10 feet from the road and with your backs against the rock, you can begin to see the roving band slowly move around. (whispering) Band? The band of duergar. You count, at quick glance, roughly 12 to 15. Oh, yeah... Armed with hammers, halberds, um... Both of you guys roll a perception check right now.",Perception
Perception,"As the rest of you are holding back, the twins slink between the various rock formations and strange, jagged spires that are currently peppering this entire underground landscape. You get up to a point where you're maybe 10 feet from the road and with your backs against the rock, you can begin to see the roving band slowly move around. (whispering) Band? The band of duergar. You count, at quick glance, roughly 12 to 15. Oh, yeah... Armed with hammers, halberds, um... Both of you guys roll a perception check right now. Perception check.",Perception
Stealth,"Ooh! We should go towards that one. Because it's a different color? Let's go check it out. Wait, what was the first color? I was still laughing at Percy. What? Just eat your banana, the twins will go check it out. Black obsidian, this was red-- (laughing) Red, okay. --crimson, ruddy, anyway. Do you not know anything? The twins are gonna go have a peek. Okay. I'm coming with.",Stealth
Perception,"You just stopped him from farting into his flute. Persuasion? That would be... Ladies and gentlemen, this is a huge moment. Can you roll a persuasion against a critical fail? Can you? Can you persuade a crit fail? Can you persuade the DM? Wait, is it a fail? (laughing) Can you persuade the DM? It is a 1? Okay, so it was a 1-- It was a 1. That's a 1 face. (all laugh) That's a 1 face.",Persuasion
Investigation,"large kind of twisted stalactite, but there appears to be an arm and a whole bunch more dried blood across the ground, just out of view. (gasps) Stop! Can we stop? Can we stop? You can stop. An arm? Scanlan. Shh. What? What? (whispering) You're singing. I was singing? (whispering) I was singing? I didn't even know! It's a force of habit! I'm going to see if I can see anything in the area that has done this recently. Is the arm attached to whatever did--",Investigation
Investigation,"an arm and a whole bunch more dried blood across the ground, just out of view. (gasps) Stop! Can we stop? Can we stop? You can stop. An arm? Scanlan. Shh. What? What? (whispering) You're singing. I was singing? (whispering) I was singing? I didn't even know! It's a force of habit! I'm going to see if I can see anything in the area that has done this recently. Is the arm attached to whatever did-- Make an investigation check.",Investigation
Investigation,"I was singing? (whispering) I was singing? I didn't even know! It's a force of habit! I'm going to see if I can see anything in the area that has done this recently. Is the arm attached to whatever did-- Make an investigation check. Investigation check? --Is the arm part of a dead thing or is it alive? It's on the ground. I'm pretty sure whatever it is, it's dead. 7. 7? Can I check it out as well? I mean, I'm there, I might as well.",Investigation
Investigation,"This is the skelly pile. Against these rocky formations there's dried blood everywhere. Not pretty. This terrible bloodbath, whatever this event was, it was probably a horrible thing to see. There are pieces of duergar flung about. And I say pieces - the only reason you know duergar were there is because occasionally you see part of a head, or part of a foot. And you recognize the ashy skin from the areas that aren't currently caked with its own gore. (gagging sounds) From what you can tell, because of",Investigation
Stealth,"We'll go pay for it later. (all laugh) A small hit to Scanlan's morale, but the party marches on. You lose an inspiration die. (all laugh) Disadvantage on whatever roll. I deserved it, I deserved it. Okay, twins in front, here we go. Let's keep going. Twins in front. You guys continue to push forward. For the sake of the length of this journey, I'm going to have the party go ahead and",Stealth
Nature,"Why do you suppose they used it on one of their own? “I can only imagine maybe this transpired “before the union and is left as a warning.” So it's a duergar pet? Do we remember how to take care of basilisks? Like, do we not look at them, is that how they don't-- Don't look at them. That's correct. Don't look them in the eye? Or don't look at their face? Yes, that's it. It's a vision thing. Yes? Yes, I believe it's vision based. Okay.",Nature
Arcana,"What? Stop eating chicken and fly up to that door. Oh. Where did you get that chicken? What's going on? There's a magic doorway up there, I don't see any handles or anything. It's right underneath the lava. Oh, it’s on the ground? Basically she put the stone wall out. It pours off. It's right there! What are you talking about? I walk up to it and take a look. Oh yeah, that was good. Maybe Grog can push it!",Arcana
Arcana,"There's a magic doorway up there, I don't see any handles or anything. It's right underneath the lava. Oh, it’s on the ground? Basically she put the stone wall out. It pours off. It's right there! What are you talking about? I walk up to it and take a look. Oh yeah, that was good. Maybe Grog can push it! I'm going to do an Arcana check. Do I have advantage? Uh, no. Can Grog push it? All right, take a look, dude.",Arcana
Athletics,"(all laugh) Oh yeah, that's a good idea. We can give it a shot. Roll high. Roll really high. I don't have any ranged weapons. Natural 20! So you conjure Unseen Servant. Mark off your spell use. I look up and go, “Ooh, It's Monty's cousin.” You see a slight shimmer of ethereal energy behind the duergar. It's going to attempt to shove him. It isn't, unfortunately, on its own, extremely strong. It's mainly meant as an aide. However, it is possible.",Athletics
Athletics,"Oh yeah, that's a good idea. We can give it a shot. Roll high. Roll really high. I don't have any ranged weapons. Natural 20! So you conjure Unseen Servant. Mark off your spell use. I look up and go, “Ooh, It's Monty's cousin.” You see a slight shimmer of ethereal energy behind the duergar. It's going to attempt to shove him. It isn't, unfortunately, on its own, extremely strong. It's mainly meant as an aide. However, it is possible. Go ahead and make an athletics check.",Athletics
Perception,"Oh. I'm sorry. (laughs) Take a very quiet peek around the corner. All right, I'm having a peeky-poo. Quietly. As you peek through, you can get a general idea of what looks to be some sort of an empty storage room. A lot of materials have been moved out of it. It looks like the remnants of stone, things that were used for construction that once were in this room that have been pulled out to build things. Possibly moved as part of the war camp to start building some of the siege weapons that you saw above. Do I hear anything?",Perception
Stealth,"sounds like a moan or a slight whispering gurgle, and the duergar will lean in - “Hey, shut up in there! 'Kay?!” Yeah, I'm going to go kill this guy. You don't want to tell us what you found? As I notice him going up, I'm going to - (click) Vax, what are you doing? (softly) Uh, I'm killing someone. Hold, please. (all laughing) (humming a Muzak version of ""The Girl from Ipanema"") Uh, guys, Vax is going to go kill something. It's okay. Let him do it by himself. It's what he does best. I'm going to sneak up on this duergar.",Persuasion
Stealth,"“What the fuck is going on? Where are they?” I don’t know, but this book, Scanlan, is incredible. I’m sure it is. It’s all about this, er, an ice thing-- I read non-fiction. --and these other things. Let’s head down there. I’m going to head down there. Careful, clanky. Oh. So the rest of you are heading down there? I follow Pike down there. I’m going, too. There are so many prisoners down this way.",Perception
Stealth,"It’s all about this, er, an ice thing-- I read non-fiction. --and these other things. Let’s head down there. I’m going to head down there. Careful, clanky. Oh. So the rest of you are heading down there? I follow Pike down there. I’m going, too. There are so many prisoners down this way. Everyone else roll stealth checks. Everybody fucking come down. Are we going down?",Stealth
Stealth,"Okay. You don’t need to roll damage. He has like, 2 hit points left. You guys pepper him with additional arrows and daggers. The poor guys is like: “Uh, I’m gonna--” (impact SFX, gurgle) He just goes down with this horrible sense of overkill, his body just slumps up against the door, leaning against the wooden door he was guarding. I say on my earring: “I think we found the prison cells. Get down here.” We’re coming. I’m assuming they’re dead. Both duergar. I start to loot the bodies.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"15. 19. 15 to 10? 14. 14. 10 to 5? 7. 5 to 1? (nervously) 4. All right. Percy, you're up first. Where am I? You are way back in this cell, and you hear a slam of broken wood and another slam of a door closing. I'm going to run to the hall.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"(all groan) It's Christmas! Grog is running into Toys R Us. This is going to be great. You see gently as he backs away there is someone on this rack-like table. The dwarf backs up with his axe getting ready. I use my bonus action to say, “You are so fucked, dwarf.” (all laugh) All right, that brings us to Tiberius. I like where this is going, Vax. Wait, I go over there first and then I say that. (all laugh)",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Um, it was... Oh, go ahead, do something else. At least it's not gamey, it’s fresh. Keyleth tries. Keyleth tries so hard. You're not trying hard enough, damn it! Fuck you man, all right? I'm having a tough day. You hear a little dwarf in the corner go: ""Mommy?"" Vex brought up the fact that I killed a kid. I’m having all these memories coming back, I'm on the brink. Yeah, there's some PTSD coming through. So I've got this now-dead corpse in my mouth and I come out around the corner.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"1d8 inspiration dice. You don't kill him in one shot, it's very very disappointing. All right, you run in. You said the room was full of shiny pointy things on the wall, right? Yes. I would like to bull rush the dwarf up and against the wall, try and spear him with all the sharp shit on the wall. Okay! (cheering) Oh, that's nasty. Okay then, so for the-- (laughs) Instant karma's going to get you, man.",Perception
Insight,"where you can go ahead and release the tension and eventually the chains go a little more slack and (gasps) the halfling woman takes a deep breath and looks about the room a second, looks like there's a bit of a haze, but through the haze there's this constant anger and she looks down and goes: “So? Are you gonna let me go? “Come on! Release these chains!” Who is she? Wait, wait. Find out who she is first. Can we insight and make sure that it's really who she-- You can indeed.",Insight
Arcana,"can make it in here. I'm gonna take a peek at her. What do I do? What do I roll? Insight to see if she's in her right mind. 15? 18 is better. At this point, it's pretty apparent that whatever this woman is, she's been here a while and has been subjected to many, many horrible things and still has that spark of life to her, mainly out of vengeance, anger, and pain, but she does not seem to be overtly aggressive or trying to deceive you  just trying to get out of these fucking chains. Well, let's let her go.",Arcana
Arcana,"I'm gonna take a peek at her. What do I do? What do I roll? Insight to see if she's in her right mind. 15? 18 is better. At this point, it's pretty apparent that whatever this woman is, she's been here a while and has been subjected to many, many horrible things and still has that spark of life to her, mainly out of vengeance, anger, and pain, but she does not seem to be overtly aggressive or trying to deceive you  just trying to get out of these fucking chains. Well, let's let her go. I'll do an Arcana check on her.",Arcana
Persuasion,"(shouting) “Lady Kima!” And I blow fire breath. And I use Control Flames to create a bunch of swords around me with fire. Don't threaten Kima! She's better. (harshly) I give you my word. Her attention divided from Clarota, now tends towards you. Don't act me a fool, and don't treat me like one either! None of us are half-wits as you are claiming. We would not be fooled by such a creature like this. The words he speaks are true. And we believe him. You go ahead and make a diplomacy check.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"then I'm afraid you leave us no choice but to choose our own friend Clarota over you. (gasps) What? We're giving you one last chance. Either you are with us, or you are against us. This is a threat. “So you walk in here, save me from my binds, “under the words of my dear, lifelong friend Arcanist Allura--” We mean you no ill will. It is you who are aggravating the situation. You could be sitting in a cell by yourself doing fuck-all, or ending this problem now.",Persuasion
Perception,"knows-- she mentioned something about vengeance to those who run the keep. So she stormed up. We're following her, right? You've followed her back into the base floor of the Emberhold itself. You all currently are now back kinda where you started after you snuck into the side passage of the Emberhold. And she said she would lead the way to the vault? Can we be quiet for a second and see if there's any footsteps around us or guards marching around? Are we in immediate peril or do we have a second? Certainly. Everyone go ahead and make an",Perception
Perception,"second! Now this hallway, there appears to be an opening to this room, no doorway. Everybody wait while my brother goes on a field trip. And this additional room, you do not currently see an entrance. An opening that's not a doorway? Or-- I mean, there isn't a door in the way, it's just an opening. The door is open. All right, so I'm going to press against the wall, up to the edge, wait for five seconds, see if I can hear anything, and then if not, curve around and peek in.",Perception
Stealth,"can maybe try, what, 15 feet? Okay. And where are you casting it? Just in the middle of this hallway here? No. To my left. Here? He wants to see in the dark place. I wanna see in the dark place. There is no entrance to this room currently from what you can see. It's just a wall. There is a door on the opposite side. Now it's a well-lit wall. Hm. All right, well, I follow after the bear. (laughter)",Stealth
Stealth,"the end of the hallway, probably Tiberius after Trinket. The next one that comes past you, you reach around and just take your dagger and swing it across the back of his neck area. You manage to sever the base of the spine and he just crumples into a pile in front of you. The other one-- Damage? 22 with the two arrows. Nine and 13. Both arrows impact his chest. The duergar steps back for a second, surprised by the moment, looks really furious and begins to step forward, his size enlarging. I knock him right in the face with the butt of my gun as he rounds the corner.",Perception
Stealth,"reach around and just take your dagger and swing it across the back of his neck area. You manage to sever the base of the spine and he just crumples into a pile in front of you. The other one-- Damage? 22 with the two arrows. Nine and 13. Both arrows impact his chest. The duergar steps back for a second, surprised by the moment, looks really furious and begins to step forward, his size enlarging. I knock him right in the face with the butt of my gun as he rounds the corner. All right. Go ahead and make a stealth check to see whether or not he sees you.",Stealth
Perception,"syllables. (laughter) All right, so. Coasting down this hallway. It leads down to an open doorway and a closed doorway immediately to your right. And then the room to-- actually, the doorway's to your left, and to the right you see another wall to another room that you don't have a doorway currently available. There's a door to my left and a door straight ahead, right? Correct. Okay, I inch up to the closed door on the left and place my ear to the door and listen.",Perception
Perception,"stone doors of the front of the fortress. To your left, there is a double wooden door, about eight feet tall each side, about five feet wide, that are currently closed, leading into whatever this large chamber is immediately to your left. Can I hang a right and go down that other hall? We should check out what's in that other hall. Is there a door over there? There are two doors, actually. Closed? Both closed. I'm going to listen into those doors.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"And since Tiberius is there, I can get sneak attack damage, 'cause one of my allies is there-- All right, just a second there, you're still holding, let's finish Keyleth. So Keyleth, what are you doing? Well, is Grog in my way? Grog is there. You can attempt to leap over Grog. I was wanting to vault off Grog's back, is what I was wanting to do. You can do that without asking him. Yeah, that's what I was going to do. No, you were saying you wanted to tell Grog you were going to do that. But yes, you can still",Acrobatics
Athletics,"and with a giant arc through the air that lights up that portion of the room with a brief sweep, the blade comes down towards-- oh, that'll hit. Second attack also hits. Yes, go Kima. So that comes to-- okay, using her Divine Smite ability on top of that, she manages to deal 37 points of damage to it. Damn. As she finishes both of her strikes simultaneously. The mindflayer, however, does not release its grasp on you. You are still considered grappled. That ends her turn. Grog now is gonna angrily attempt to bash into this door, is gonna",Athletics
Athletics,"(laughter) All right, that puts a total of 32 points of damage, that's enough. So Grog just takes two big swings. The first one comes through, cracks the door in half, splitting it down the center. Rears back a second time, cleaves through the door entirely. What little bit is left on the hinges, he kicks out with his foot, leaving now this side completely open to the interior. He then moves in around Clarota. That's as far as he can get in this current turn. That brings us to Vax. What can I do while grappled, nothing until I'm ungrappled? Well, no, you can try and make an acrobatics",Athletics
Perception,"staircase. Up or down? Looks like it's going up. And what's in this room? I'm looking over here. Okay, you look over here. It's a double door that is currently closed. I will head in your direction as well. Eight, two of my d6s to heal up. You haven't taken a short rest yet. You have to-- you guys have to stop and take ten minutes, 15 minutes to rest to do that, so-- I'm gonna look all over the great hall and see if there's any cool stuff in there.",Perception
Perception,"get us out of this area specifically. So you guys are all moving back with-- Is that cool? -- Vex to return to the previous storage room? We can do that. Yeah, go for it. And you'll hear us if anything goes wrong. Yeah, we'll power through it. Use your earring. All right. I'll go ahead and very-- I'm just gonna kinda use my keen sense-- or sorry, my keen smell again to see if I can smell any duergar in the area.",Perception
Perception,"You open the doors into what appears to be a large temple chamber, a place of worship. What you see are a series of long, wooden benches that are arranged to look towards the center. There is an altar to the right that is a risen kind of stone dais, and in the center there is a stone table, an altar which has a piece of black cloth wrapped over it and something on top of it you can't see from this distance. In the center of the room there is a 12-foot-tall statue of what looks like an extremely strong armored duergar clutching a giant warhammer and a shield. Hm. I'm gonna-- oh wait, I'm a tiger. Yup.",Perception
Religion,"altar which has a piece of black cloth wrapped over it and something on top of it you can't see from this distance. In the center of the room there is a 12-foot-tall statue of what looks like an extremely strong armored duergar clutching a giant warhammer and a shield. Hm. I'm gonna-- oh wait, I'm a tiger. Yup. I'm gonna perception check the room. Which is high. 27. 27? There does not appear to be anybody inside this room. Screw this room. However, do you have a religion--",Religion
Religion,"an extremely strong armored duergar clutching a giant warhammer and a shield. Hm. I'm gonna-- oh wait, I'm a tiger. Yup. I'm gonna perception check the room. Which is high. 27. 27? There does not appear to be anybody inside this room. Screw this room. However, do you have a religion-- I would like to do a religion roll. Roll religion, guys. Nine. Nine.",Religion
Religion,"That's what I was gonna do, is tell somebody to get Pike over here real quick. Do you guys have earrings? I can put on my sprinter's boots. Yeah, Pike, Pike? There's some sort of religious artifacts over here. Could use your expertise. Pike, you make your way through, eventually coming down this hallway-- (clanking) She's coming! I can hear her coming. Hey guys, I'm here! Did you know I was coming? (laughter)",Religion
Stealth,"at his feet. I kind of nudge it with my nose. She got you a heart. I scritch Keyleth behind the ear, but nudge it aside with my toe and exit the room. Okay. I did scritch her ears, but I'm going to continue down to the end of the hall. This way? Yeah. Okay, you make your way into what looks like a giant foyer, into a secondary entrance in the side of the fortress. I just walk all the way over to the corner, stealthing.",Stealth
Arcana,"I would like to stealth through the door. Before I leave, I carefully examine that statue. Okay, what are you examining? The facial features of the god, the deity, right? Is that what he is? Yeah. Okay, so you look at the face of Laduguer. You can see it's very, very old, it's very well-crafted. You can see a lot of very meticulous craftsmanship went into its creation. It almost glistens with a perfection that is out of place in an area that is so covered in soot and various other volcanic activity-based mineral deposits.",Arcana
Stealth,"fearful duergar mage kind of glances, eyes slide about, hears these words and you see him wrack his head for a second with a sudden sense of self-loathing and disappointment. (laughter) His hands drop and it looks like for a minute his intent to begin muttering some sort of incantation is momentarily distracted. Nice! All right, awesome. Can I start moving back? Yeah, you can start moving back this way. I hear that, but I'm still going to poke my head stealthily through the door and see what I",Perception
Perception,"head stealthily through the door and see what I see. Do I need a new stealth check or? Yes you do. Okay, great. So that is a 32. All right, you glance inside at what looks to be some sort of a training room. There are-- most of the floor itself is stone, and in the far corner there is a large section that is mainly just sand and dirt and there are a number of wooden training structures. You know, various shields and wooden bars that are used as a means of training for weaponry. There's what looks like a giant rack of weapons, full of arms and stuff. Anything good-looking?",Investigation
Intimidation,"Kima hears you shouting all these curses into the room, Kima pushes past you, and pushes past you. You can see Kima coming into the room behind you guys. Steps over the broken table, down in front of the circle, and grabs the mage by the front of his robe, pulling him into her face. The mage at this point is still kind of reeling from the fact that you managed to strike him so deeply in the heart of his hearts. He's just not a nice man. However, Kima, with a look of absolute death in her face, grabs him and pulls him forward and says, ""Listen, where is the rest of your fucking army?""",Intimidation
Investigation,"outside the front of his nose. The duergar being held up against the wall says, ""Whatever you haven't killed. The army's probably up with the king ""himself. They're all waiting for you and I hope they piss on your body when they're done!"" At which point she takes the blade and twists it. As she does, he gives this guttural yelp and his eyes just go blank. Blanker than the duergar eyes normally are. I make it to the doorway and go, what is going on in here? Are there any-- taking that in-- any healing potions or anything in here that we could use?",Investigation
Perception,"""himself. They're all waiting for you and I hope they piss on your body when they're done!"" At which point she takes the blade and twists it. As she does, he gives this guttural yelp and his eyes just go blank. Blanker than the duergar eyes normally are. I make it to the doorway and go, what is going on in here? Are there any-- taking that in-- any healing potions or anything in here that we could use? Go ahead and make an investigation check. Can I look at the door and see if the trap will go off again if we step through it again?",Perception
Stealth,"I think it's gonna be noisy, it's not a stealthy attack. It's a quick way to get rid of six people, though. Oh, is that what we need to do? There's a row of duergar around the corner, they're all in a line like Radio City, we just-- if I can get-- Scanlan, if you-- what about you, Keyleth? Do I remember light-- or do you bring it down from above? Tiberius. What, what? Do you want me to shock 'em? Oh, I have an idea. Okay, I'll peek around.",Stealth
Religion,"literally just piggybacking Tiberius waiting. Okay, so Tiberius, you leap onto her back. Mm-hm, and I cast Alter Self, and I turn to-- Scanlan, Vex. I'm going to cast the thing on him. Okay, so you cast Thaumaturgy on him to give him a vocal emphasis, a roaring, booming voice. Do you stay with him or do you move back with the rest of the group? Oh, oh, Pike Pike Pike Pike Pike. What kind of animal would this god use? Would you know what kind of animal the duergar would worship? Do you know?",Religion
Religion,"Okay, so Tiberius, you leap onto her back. Mm-hm, and I cast Alter Self, and I turn to-- Scanlan, Vex. I'm going to cast the thing on him. Okay, so you cast Thaumaturgy on him to give him a vocal emphasis, a roaring, booming voice. Do you stay with him or do you move back with the rest of the group? Oh, oh, Pike Pike Pike Pike Pike. What kind of animal would this god use? Would you know what kind of animal the duergar would worship? Do you know? It's a religion check.",Religion
Persuasion,"So the doors burst open and you guys come through. All of the duergar stand there with their weapons at the ready. You can see in the back, on this raised platform, where the cloth stops, there is two thrones, at the top two duergar sitting on the thrones at the ready. You can see two kind of lizard-like creatures in the back on chained leashes. However, all of the duergar that are ready to strike as you burst through, take a step back, looking extremely confused about what's going on. (shouts) Silence! All of you, silence! We weren't talking. Who knows who I am?",Persuasion
Intimidation,"jagged black iron metal. A giant sword in his hand. ""You're kneeling below this false idol."" Silence! ""This imposter!"" As I cast-- As I say silence, I blow a big plume of fire out of my mouth, and I cast Control Flames. So the light (pff). I don't cast Control Flames. I just do the Fireball for effect. I don't do Control Flames, because that's a concentration spell. All right, so you do Fireball. Where are you casting Fireball? Or just doing it to do it? Just (fwoosh).",Intimidation
Stealth,"plume of fire out of my mouth, and I cast Control Flames. So the light (pff). I don't cast Control Flames. I just do the Fireball for effect. I don't do Control Flames, because that's a concentration spell. All right, so you do Fireball. Where are you casting Fireball? Or just doing it to do it? Just (fwoosh). Plume of flame. Roll an intimidation check. You guys, what are you doing right now? I'm moving along the back wall. I want that illithid. 18.",Intimidation
Stealth,"because that's a concentration spell. All right, so you do Fireball. Where are you casting Fireball? Or just doing it to do it? Just (fwoosh). Plume of flame. Roll an intimidation check. You guys, what are you doing right now? I'm moving along the back wall. I want that illithid. 18. Okay. Make a stealth check. Who else is going in there with him? I go in and stand at the walls next to the door. 32.",Stealth
Athletics,"I'd like to circulate my hands to kind of carve out the eyeball area. (laughter) No, it pushed you off. Yeah, okay, okay, it's all right. All right. That brings us to Grog. (Grog voice) I would like to rage. (Grog voice) I would like to go to a whore house. He goes into a rage. And Grog is going to go ahead and take his axe with the chain on it and throw it toward the first duergar he sees, which is right here. Throws it. All right, that is a-- That's going to miss. He rolled a four. Swings",Athletics
Religion,"Keyleth. Keyleth. Get us out of here. Okay, okay, okay. I come out of the form. Yes, thank you. It's a free action. Isn't there a dead basilisk right in front of us right now? There is a body of a dead basilisk on the ground, yes. I'm going to take Wind Wall. I'm gonna cast Wind Wall and try and wrap it around the lava column and try and contain it within the Wind Wall, cooling it down. Essentially making a tornado-like vortex around the lava. Okay. For the purposes of this, I want you",Religion
Nature,"Isn't there a dead basilisk right in front of us right now? There is a body of a dead basilisk on the ground, yes. I'm going to take Wind Wall. I'm gonna cast Wind Wall and try and wrap it around the lava column and try and contain it within the Wind Wall, cooling it down. Essentially making a tornado-like vortex around the lava. Okay. For the purposes of this, I want you to go ahead and make a basic religion check. Okay. Wait no, not religion. For you it'd be nature. Just for the purposes of my thought, I",Religion
Athletics,"you, you would be at disadvantage for everything you've been doing. Oh, I see. 18! 18, okay, so. I mean, you go over to it, and you manage to gather up into your wine skin a little bit of basilisk's blood, best you can. The magma pulls close to you and you manage to just take six points of fire damage from just the general heat of the magma now pouring into the room. It's spilling out and now just continuing to fill the rest of this chamber. I shout to Percy, come, Tiberius, now! We pick him up.",Athletics
Stealth,"guys need. You guys drag-- Can I heal him? You can attempt to, yeah, go for it. Anticipation. I know. C'mon, Pike! 24. All right. Heals you. Oh my god. Comes to consciousness. You guys are about ten feet away from the base of the stronghold. Your foot heals up, but it's still burned. Ew, get that away from me. For the time being, until you can take some serious physical rest, your movement is reduced by",Athletics
Perception,"It's kind of there (groans). Mostly. There's some... You can see four of the five toes. Oh, that's not bad. It's four out of five. About three and a half. Did I lose the big or the small? (laughs) This would be the small. Oh, you can do without the pinkie. Your balance is probably a little wonky. Yeah, a little bit. Clears that athlete's foot, though. Gone. Sure enough. Is anyone following us? Can we do a quick check around and just see?",Perception
Perception,"Mostly. There's some... You can see four of the five toes. Oh, that's not bad. It's four out of five. About three and a half. Did I lose the big or the small? (laughs) This would be the small. Oh, you can do without the pinkie. Your balance is probably a little wonky. Yeah, a little bit. Clears that athlete's foot, though. Gone. Sure enough. Is anyone following us? Can we do a quick check around and just see? Make a perception check.",Perception
Stealth,"there before you guys move off from the side, so they haven't caught up to the position you were previously, but they're beginning to swarm around the sides, and you see them yelling at each other and shouting commands. Some of them are starting to grab large rocks and fill in areas of the stronghold. Some of them you can see are robed individuals begin casting spells. You can see portions of other stone walls beginning to mount up and try and block the flow from the interior and exterior of Emberhold. However, you guys are still within eyesight, technically, of any duergar on that side of the fortress, so I'm going to ask everyone now to make",Investigation
Medicine,"I can use my beast sense  that is one more thing I can still do. I could theoretically-- We could use Trinket. We need to undo the stone that has taken over Tiberius and Kima. Do I have the necessary tools to synthesize a potion out of the basilisk blood? You can certainly try. It's a very ramshackle set-up. You do not have an alchemical set, but you can certainly attempt to, using a small fire, a couple of your general smelting tools you use for your metal work. You could attempt to distill it down, but that would be a combination of a tinkering roll on your point,",Medicine
Medicine,"I light some sage. Okay, ready? (singing) Wherever you go, whatever damage they've done, we will be right here waiting to heal you. No matter what hit points you take or how your foot breaks, we will be right here-- Waiting for you. All that improv school paid off. (all laugh) As you take the healing energy you've gathered from your own nature-based casting, you infuse the healing spell. You do how many points of healing from the spell? 27.",Medicine
Insight,"Before we go to sleep, I go over to Kima and I say to her, Lady Kima, I think we're all going to take a rest and you as well, correct? ""I think I should."" We can trust you while we're all asleep not to do anything to any of our companions, correct? ""If you're worried about the mind flayer, I'll be keeping an eye, but nothing beyond that. he has to make the side-step, the wrong step, before I take any action. Trust and know ""that if I were to strike a blow, it's at his own poor choice and actions."" That first part of what you said rhymed. Does she seem to be telling the truth?",Insight
Stealth,"And there's a vault. ""And there is a vault."" Unless it melted. This will greatly enhance your ability to move forward with us, won't it? ""I think right now time is of the essence for your friend more than anything."" We should go look for Grog. ""Besides, I highly doubt that that stronghold has been left alone, just because it's ""filled with rock."" Maybe on the way out. Okay, so as you guys progress on the side, I would like everybody to roll",Investigation
Stealth,"""I think right now time is of the essence for your friend more than anything."" We should go look for Grog. ""Besides, I highly doubt that that stronghold has been left alone, just because it's ""filled with rock."" Maybe on the way out. Okay, so as you guys progress on the side, I would like everybody to roll a stealth check, please. Oh, I don't know which one to roll. You still have disadvantage, but you have advantage with your cloak, so you're neutralized. You're a normal roll right now.",Stealth
Investigation,"Fresh-ish. Fresh-ish? Fresh-ish blood, if you will. You smell fresh-ish blood. You immediately glance over and you can see on the side of this cavern, which is about 50, 60 feet wide at this point, as it's come to a pinching point leading downward, you can see a spatter of blood across the wall to your immediate left, and what looks like a mangled mass of what once was a duergar, currently just torn asunder across this rock wall. Oh no. Does it look to be natural, done by an animal? Or does it look like people with weapons?",Investigation
Nature,"yes, these tracks are very similar. You see what looks like these strange dragging marks on the ground, these elongated ones. No footprints. Occasionally you see what looks like a human-sized footprint as well, and then these drag marks. You also notice that there is just beyond the rock threshold, as you step over towards the wall, you see three other duergar bodies that are torn asunder. Many of them partially eaten and violently torn apart. Some parts are scarred, some sort of acidic burn, and you see tooth marks, you see claw marks and you see portions of limbs that have been pulled off by sheer force.",Investigation
Survival,"It should be under your tracking ability under your ranger abilities there. In your spells, under you ranger abilities. I'll see if I find it before you. I don't understand. It's on the sheet I gave you, with all your character stuff. Oh. Okay, cool. That one. The one that's easiest. Natural explorer, primeval awareness. Okay. I don't have any idea what I'm looking for. (all laugh) I'm just looking at words right now.",Survival
Survival,"under your ranger abilities there. In your spells, under you ranger abilities. I'll see if I find it before you. I don't understand. It's on the sheet I gave you, with all your character stuff. Oh. Okay, cool. That one. The one that's easiest. Natural explorer, primeval awareness. Okay. I don't have any idea what I'm looking for. (all laugh) I'm just looking at words right now. It's a survival check. There you go.",Survival
Arcana,"grey. It's like a giant, rocky pit out in front of you. What? Meaning it's all solid stone that color or loose gravel and rock? You find sand and then the sand eventually gives way to like larger pieces of these rocks and stones. So it's like a pebble ball pit in front of us? Essentially. I'm looking for signs of mining. Okay, go ahead and make an investigation check.",Arcana
Nature,"of us? Essentially. I'm looking for signs of mining. Okay, go ahead and make an investigation check. I'm going to make an arcana check, also. 15. 15. Checking the walls immediately in your vicinity, you see there are signs of mining, but they're old, they haven't been used in a while. You can see some veins that are dried up. Looks like maybe the duergar had business down here mining. Does it look like there-- Can I do a",Nature
Perception,"Okay, so there appears to be-- are there any whole pieces of bones? Big femurs or skulls? This was some sort of burial ground. It's hard to see. Most of the bones that have been here, have been around long enough to the point where they've eroded, been broken, destroyed over and over again to the point where you can't discern any of the original creatures they may have come from. It's just a sea of bone, obsidian glass, and small bits of stone that have fallen from the actual nearby cavern. Can we see any sort of civilized construction here? Or is this all the work of nature or some living thing?",Perception
Athletics,"and he just starts trying to wrestle himself free. This blur of motion jumps off one of the platforms, spins in the air, and lands with a slam that completely splatters across the rock that he's right next to. This duergar, you can see part of his jaw go flying off to the side and silence hits him in the middle of his scream. The last duergar there, you can see who's looking around, sees the stone platform, and goes, ""Let me ""on! Let me on!"" He goes running over and is trying to jump up towards the stone platform you guys are on. How much does he weigh? (giggles) Well, he's going to go ahead and try and",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Like over where? Yeah, there's good. Shit, can't cast any spells unless I land. I'm going to have to drop down. Can I perch on one of these stalactites? You can, but you're going to have to let go of the gnomes to do so. Do it. Can I drop off you guys? Yep. You hear (bird noises). What? And I drop them off really quick. What did she say? All right, so both of you guys make",Acrobatics
Arcana,"I look around, and I don't like what I see, and I try to get up. Okay. You (grunts) stand back up. You're currently at the top of the wall  it's ten feet up. Really? Okay, where's he again? All I see is mountains. Oh, I see, you put the yellow ring around him? And Kima's to the right of him? Kima's being held by him. Oh, okay. Great. I look at him, see what's going on. I (ping) my Ioun Stone, and I conjure out Telekinesis from it, and I guide it towards the monster's tentacle to unwrap it off Kima, and I attempt to pull it off her.",Arcana
Athletics,"You see where part of it seems to start and open, but it's starting to close up again. You reopen that seam and drag across, leaving a giant wound across its side. Okay, and then with that knife in, I'm going to stick the other knife in and attempt to attack it and then drag it to the ground. Grapple it to the ground with my body as I attack. Second attack is a 25. 25 hits. Okay. That's seven. Are you doing damage, or you grappling him? I'll grapple. Okay, so there's no damage on this. Go ahead",Athletics
Athletics,"Yes! Okay! As you finish casting the spell and shouting at her, you look down and notice the ground. (swish, shoosh) Begins pulling you down No, I'm still on the stalactites. I haven't moved off the stalactite! I'm straddling it. A little straddle action! I'm riding that stalactite Go ahead. Riding it side-saddle. It's really hard to be on top of that and cast spells and talk about this. (chuckling) It's a giant piece. I'm going to say, go ahead and make",Athletics
Athletics,"an athletics check. All right. Ooh! 24. Okay! You manage to precariously stay on the top of this stalactite, holding on to it, casting spells and shouting out. All right. Jeez, Kima! Stop! This is hard already! Percy! I'm going to crawl and find myself a seat on top of that stalactite. That's my first thing I'm going to do. Okay, well, at the start of your turn, make a dexterity check. 20! All right. You manage to pull out. Now make",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Sorry, Vax! That brings us to the top of it now. It's still alive? It's still alive?! It's got that healing factor. Can we undo its healing factor? After all the impact, all the sounds it's hearing, it moves over to this vicinity. Ain't he grappled? Oh, you're holding it here. I'm holding it. It's going to attempt to break from your grapple. Good luck.",Athletics
Athletics,"Okay. Trinket can, yeah, if you want. Can he try to climb up and get away from it? Oh, no. He'll take a hit, won't he. He will. Do it. If it hits. It could miss. Oh god, but he's so low on health. Where's he at? He's right next to it! Get up, Trinket, get up on the wall. And I'm going to cast Hail of Thorns on the thing. What's the radius on Hail of Thorns? Five feet. Five feet. Okay. Trinket is going to attempt",Athletics
Arcana,"see portions of its lower jaw are still visible, but the entire top of its head is gone. You can see parts of its flesh trying to reach up and re-form, and then starting falling limp as its form begins to quiver and eventually fall apart. The seams all begin to unravel and its entire body begins to fall apart into chunks. Eventually what's left is this elven torso that slinks to its knees (boof), takes a step,takes another step, and then falls onto its back, completely destroyed. The bones begin to reach up and take its body. Trinket is still currently being held aloft. I see what's going on. I cast Telekinesis (fssh) and start pulling it up.",Perception
Investigation,"beginning to pull up against your feet. Clarota immediately begins to lift off the ground using his Levitation ability, and pulls free of the bones, lifts there for a second. Yes? Can I keep propellering my Mace of Disruption as I walk? On the ground? You can. As you're walking along, you're just (kssh) hitting bits of bone. As you are, they just disintegrate and turn into dust. It's leaving a track. A little bit of a groove in the ground as you do so. Follow me! Follow the track! I'm going to loot this corpse real quick. See if I see anything with this.",Investigation
Arcana,"arms inside the torso that were pushed inside to attach this entity. Can we-- Can you what? Go ahead. Sorry. You can see a couple of fingers poking out of each side. Should we take the body? Do we see any ligatures? Is there sewing? Or has it been stitched together? The tentacles were stitched to it, and you can't see any actual stitches, like it's this weird thing where it's actually bonded to it, but it looks like some sort of strange--",Arcana
Arcana,"are attached to a wrist. You pull a little bit, and with this horrible sickening (fssht) sound you manage to pull an arm out from inside the torso, covered in its own blood and fluids. Prestidigitation! Clean that up. You clean it off. The magical essence you were seeing earlier actually is coming from a set of metallic bracers that are on the wrists. Take them! I take them. Okay. Don't put them on, though. Don't put them on. I'll inspect them. They're cursed.",Arcana
Survival,"across this open field of bone and glass to the other side, finding for the first time in a little bit of time solid stone ground. You all take a moment and gather your breath, and as you're taking a moment, you look over and you can see in the darkness ahead of you what looks to be a faint source of light around another large pillar or cluster of stone in the distance. Is it a color? Do I see any tracks around? It's reddish-orange and appears to have a flicker to it. Do I see tracks? Can I sense goliath tracks?",Survival
Stealth,"Actually, let me tell you all that Grog is up here, you didn't know. I assumed you'd come back by now. No, I'm still up there. That raises the stakes! (all laugh) Last week I said, ""Come up now."" And that's when he called it. And I had already taken off. So I'm already headed there. All right. Well, he's at least said, ""Come up now."" So we're... we're there.",Stealth
Persuasion,"Where on the map is the queen right now? You don't see right now. Don't see her. She's in the tent. She's in the tent, right? Grog, which is right over here. I see what's going on and I rub my ring and I go invisible. Okay. Greater Invisibility. All right, so. Tiberius also vanishes from view. You glance over your shoulder, Vax, and notice that Tiberius is just gone. Just (whoosh) vanished. All right. So. As you shouted this out, the secondary duergar now turns and... First off,",Persuasion
Perception,"spare each other lots of bloodshed and just have a chat before we fight. Is that all right? ""Talk, small annoying creature, and perhaps it'll delay the inevitable."" My friends and I have come-- Hello! Hi, yes... We've come from the above world. The normal world, let's say, to your fine kingdom down here below. And we were on a mission. We're a bit of-- I don't want to brag, but we're a bit of an elite task force, sent in by kingdoms and kings that you probably haven't heard of way down below, but anyway. I'll spare you. Hold that thought just for a second. Percy,",Persuasion
Stealth,"We'll get to that in a second. Vex. Vax, sorry. Okay, I'm going to use my feat, Cunning Action, for one extra action per turn of combat, use for either dash, disengage, or hide. So I'm going to double distance and go one... two... three, four, five-- I still can't see her-- six, maybe... seven, eight, nine, ten. Stop right here by Clarota. (over enunciating) Clarota-- Clarota! And dagger, dagger at this jerkface over here. Right here? Yep. All right. That was stealthed, by the way.",Stealth
Athletics,"In case she does come back. 17? Yeah. Okay. They appear to be just general locks. And are there locks contraptions on them? There is a lock on them, yes. So go ahead and make your-- 19. 19. (tink) The band that's part way across the waist opens freely on the hinge on the one side. Was there just one? Yeah, that was the one. (groans in relief) Oh my god!",Athletics
Athletics,"the waist opens freely on the hinge on the one side. Was there just one? Yeah, that was the one. (groans in relief) Oh my god! So go ahead and make an athletics check. I mean, there's multiple bands around you. Across your shoulders, your torso, your legs, your ankles. I'm going to move on to the next one. 25. And a 25 on my lock pick. Okay, you get a second band. You rolled a 25? And Marisha, do you want to go ahead and make",Athletics
Investigation,"past. It is a potion of greater healing. Yeah, and we haven't used the yellow potion yet. And nobody ever drank that? No. There is another potion that has almost a blue, frosty color to it as you take the vial from where it sits in the rest. The actual glass that contains the liquid has a layer of frost crystals around it. I'm going to remember that you're the one who suggests drinking random, yellow liquids and I'm going to bring you a vial of yellow liquid. I'm just saying.",Investigation
Investigation,"sorry, Grog,"" goes over and places her hands upon you. As she's about to, Kima pushes her aside, and says, ""I've got this."" Walks up, and you can see this divine glowing energy. It fills her hands. She reaches out and touches you and this warmth fills-- this warmth fills your torso. Using her Lay On Hands ability, Lady Kima of Vord heals you for 38 points of damage. Did I find anything on the other people? Thank you, Kima. You look through the bodies. It looks like most of their adornments, other than the natural armor and weapons they have, nothing of particular",Insight
History,"Well, the bottom line is, (sighs) we have a pretty clear goal at hand. Everything else will have to be figured out afterward. I still follow Clarota. I'm like, ""So is it-- do you do it with your mind, or is it just ""like-- were you all taught as a child to be able to levitate, because it seems--"" ""It's inherent, much like your gifts. It's just how we get around."" Good to know. Understood. K'Varn, the god in darkness. I want to wrack my brain to think if I've ever had any lessons or if that name has ever come up in any of my reading.",History
History,"pretty clear goal at hand. Everything else will have to be figured out afterward. I still follow Clarota. I'm like, ""So is it-- do you do it with your mind, or is it just ""like-- were you all taught as a child to be able to levitate, because it seems--"" ""It's inherent, much like your gifts. It's just how we get around."" Good to know. Understood. K'Varn, the god in darkness. I want to wrack my brain to think if I've ever had any lessons or if that name has ever come up in any of my reading. All right. It'd be a history check. Like a",History
History,"have to be figured out afterward. I still follow Clarota. I'm like, ""So is it-- do you do it with your mind, or is it just ""like-- were you all taught as a child to be able to levitate, because it seems--"" ""It's inherent, much like your gifts. It's just how we get around."" Good to know. Understood. K'Varn, the god in darkness. I want to wrack my brain to think if I've ever had any lessons or if that name has ever come up in any of my reading. All right. It'd be a history check. Like a super-super history check.",History
History,"I still follow Clarota. I'm like, ""So is it-- do you do it with your mind, or is it just ""like-- were you all taught as a child to be able to levitate, because it seems--"" ""It's inherent, much like your gifts. It's just how we get around."" Good to know. Understood. K'Varn, the god in darkness. I want to wrack my brain to think if I've ever had any lessons or if that name has ever come up in any of my reading. All right. It'd be a history check. Like a super-super history check. History check?",History
Medicine,"whole thing right now, if you want. No, Grog, that defeats the purpose. No? Rash? ...all right. I need Percy to make me a replacement first. Make a little metal toe? Pike, could you hook a brother up? ""Certainly."" She sets the foot down, she begins to gather up her runes, and she's casting a 4th-level spell. She should've done it before we went to sleep. Aye, but alas, she's not here. Sorry, Ashley. So that would be the equivalent of about 32 hit points. She's also going to attempt a",Medicine
Nature,"(laughs) You reach out and touch the crystal, and it's cold to the touch, as is most of the stone wall, and you can see there's condensation on it that gets on your fingers a bit. It's smooth, except for the jagged points where the natural formation juts out. You tug on the crystal a little bit, find if there's any place there that's moveable, and it's pretty solid in that rock wall. Does it appear to be producing cold? No, the temperature doesn't seem different at all to the air. There doesn't seem to be a source at all  it's the same temperature as the rest of the tunnel.",Nature
Nature,"at all to the air. There doesn't seem to be a source at all  it's the same temperature as the rest of the tunnel. Can I do a nature check to figure out what kind of crystal this may be? Yeah, sure. Tiberius, these look like the crystals on your staff. ""Hm? Oh, ooh, yes! They're pretty."" I take out one of my daggers-- yes, I do have daggers-- and (clicking noise) I'm going to chip away a couple of chunks. Actually, let's grab a few chunks. I may have an idea for later.",Nature
Arcana,"what kind of crystal this may be? Yeah, sure. Tiberius, these look like the crystals on your staff. ""Hm? Oh, ooh, yes! They're pretty."" I take out one of my daggers-- yes, I do have daggers-- and (clicking noise) I'm going to chip away a couple of chunks. Actually, let's grab a few chunks. I may have an idea for later. 13 for my nature check? Not that great, it's all right. Throw a few into the Bag of Holding. All right. I will say, go ahead and make an",Arcana
Perception,"You can. The passage is very, very thin. It can maybe fit you individually. It can barely fit Grog when you actually go through the passage proper. It's pretty spacious in here, I think. (all laugh) For a gnome, yes. But yeah, it's pitch black going forward. Which means you guys can see. It's equivalent of low light for you in pitch darkness. About 30 feet ahead of you, you can see the path continues for a little bit and then widens up into what looks like a small chamber. But you'd have to get closer. Is it dangerous at all?",Perception
Investigation,"Okay, looking at it, you notice that they have been here for at least 200 years. Two of the bodies are male humans. There are two dwarven one male, one's female. Armor. Look for armor! One female gnome and one half-orc. Wait, wait. What? (all laugh) Half-orc. Half-orc? Okay. Hang on. You listed all that off. I'm going to inspect the gnome. You're not even in the room. Okay, so you enter the room. Roll an",Investigation
Arcana,"listed all that off. I'm going to inspect the gnome. You're not even in the room. Okay, so you enter the room. Roll an investigation check. 19. Okay. Looking at her, you find that most of these bodies have already been for the most part turned over and looted. Some of them have no armor. They're either in plain clothes or it looks like their bodies have been tossed and taken whatever was on them, off. You do find, buried in the dirt under the gnomish female what looks to be a pristine ruby. Worth probably quite a bit.",Arcana
Arcana,"recognize this emblem. This is the emblem that adorns House Thunderbrand of Kraghammer. You turn it over and on the back, there's an engraving on ""For Lorna, my love."" Oh! Didn't he say to bring back some stuff from the Underdark? Yes. This is what we need. Who's he? That name sounds familiar, though. Oh wait, your magic guy said to bring back some magic stuff from the Underdark. From the Value of Valor. Tremaine? Was that his name? And that's what this is. Let me take it and",Arcana
Perception,"seeing a mind flayer to smiling. He's looking about and in response to you, a few moments later, he says, ""We're near home."" Let's all remember his feet don't actually touch the ground. Right. Do you know if there's anything in the water? He glances over to you. ""There are many things in the water. Fish. Crustaceans."" He points over, and you can see there is this small, very pale, colorless, whitish-gray crab that's over to the side, that looks weird, malformed. One claw is twisted on itself and dragging behind it. And it skitters off into the water. Everyone make a",Investigation
Perception,"much else around, but you do catch what looks like a semblance of a half-eaten corpse, a bone that is left partially buried in the ground. You don't know how long that's been there, either. It's bleached bone at this point. Whatever fishes live in this landscape have picked it clean. So there's nothing in the boats at all? Nope. Good times. Weird. Awesome. We could just keep going. Maybe you come back. Ask him if the bridge is booby-trapped.",Investigation
Perception,"a semblance of a half-eaten corpse, a bone that is left partially buried in the ground. You don't know how long that's been there, either. It's bleached bone at this point. Whatever fishes live in this landscape have picked it clean. So there's nothing in the boats at all? Nope. Good times. Weird. Awesome. We could just keep going. Maybe you come back. Ask him if the bridge is booby-trapped. Make a perception check.",Perception
Stealth,"the rest of you going in? Well, we're in the boat. But Grog and I want to go. Right? Nope. No? I'll come. I'm thinking it'll be a quick trip. Is the boat coming up to the beach? Yep. Yes. All right. I scoop up Scanlan and go piggyback style, like he's my son, and jump on the beach. I'll wait here. All right. Everyone who's entering the",Stealth
Perception,"whisper right now. ""There's some fun things in ""here. Grog, you're not wearing it. Someone tell Grog he might need to kill something."" This looks a little dangerous. All right. We're killing something? Be ready to run. I come running in. I'm back from the chest. I take out one dagger and throw it at the chest to sink it into the lid. From a ways back. You take the dagger and (sound of dagger embedding into wood) into the wood. Doesn't seem to have any immediate effect.",Perception
Perception,"What time of day? You have no idea. How long has it been since we rested? It hasn't been too terribly long. You rested at the camp after taking out Queen Ulara, so I'd say it's probably been about-- with the travel to get to this point, probably about six hours since you rested. Plus, nobody is hurt. Well, he's hurt. Well, I'm not hurt.",Insight
Arcana,"Well, he's hurt. Well, I'm not hurt. Can I perception check around the cave? Go ahead and roll perception. Can I remind our party of a couple things? Pike, might be a good time to try to heal Vax's foot again. And also, while we have a moment, did we ever discern what is in that yellow vial? Oh this thing? Yeah, do we know what this is?",Arcana
Medicine,"It sounds bad. Bad news. You're unable to really ascertain what the nature of the liquid is, but those are the details you can make out, currently. I went over to Vax's foot again. Oh no, come on! Don't! (all laugh) There's a little zombie poo on it. I'm getting real tired of your shit. Ever since we were five. I rolled 22 on perception, by the way.",Medicine
Perception,"Oh no, come on! Don't! (all laugh) There's a little zombie poo on it. I'm getting real tired of your shit. Ever since we were five. I rolled 22 on perception, by the way. All right. Make a medicine check. Does this cave bottleneck? It ends here. This is the end of the cave. It curved around and ended in this little portion here.",Perception
Medicine,"almost like a tail that seems to dangle for a second. At which point, it detaches. (fwoosh) Opens up almost like a giant ray, with a screeching mouth that (screeches) screams at you. It lands down in the center of the room. I rolled a nine for medicine, just B-T-W. (all laugh) How's my foot doing these days? Your foot is still healing, but unfortunately,",Medicine
Athletics,"You catch up to Grog, because he traveled twice the distance that you could have with your tiny little gnome legs in your full-plate armor. You're like (grunt). Plus, it's sand, so your feet are sinking with each step. It's rough for you to get around because of your size and the terrain. Can I jump on his leg or back? You can try to. All right. All right!",Athletics
History,"and neat things? It's a cloaker, because that was a cloaker's eye. Can we fashion it into a sail? That's a good idea. There is no wind in this tunnel. I can make one. SAM, TALIESIN, AND LAURA: We can make wind. We do have an Air Ashari. We have a Grog. Oh, we can make wind. Grog will make wind. I rolled a 16",Perception
Survival,"I sing a little song to inspire him. I sing, ""When you're trying to skin a cloaker, ""here's some inspiration. ""When we're on a creepy boat, here's some inspiration. ""I want you to be near me--"" (speaking) All right, that's it. (all laugh) Right, so you gain a d10 inspiration dice. I'm making a camo canopy for the boat. Yeah, this is going to be",Survival
Stealth,"one of those party cruises where they-- On the bottom of the-- Submersive party cruise. How close are we to the cave? Are we still really far away? You guys are maybe 300 feet from the beach. But we don't see it because we're on deck, right? The creature? No, only Keyleth does. I drop them off at the beach. Let's dry-dock the boat. Okay, I'm going to ask Keyleth",Perception
Perception,"there are a few rock formations, small 15-foot-tall portions of stalagmites or stone that either have been here for a long time or have been constructed or put there to jut out of that part of the beach. But for the most part, it's just an open gravel beach that slowly comes to stop at the edge of the cavern, and there is a tunnel about 15, 20 feet wide ahead of you. Is there a half-submerged Statue of Liberty, or anything?",Perception
Perception,"(all laugh) I got a 16 for my perception. 16. You do not see any sort of half-submerged Statue of Liberty. My apologies. How far away are we from the main island? Is it like DUMBO to Manhattan distance? Yeah, I'd say it's probably about a good half a mile or so. I would like to perceive if Lady Kima has been giving me any second looks after I intimidated old Flappy Wings.",Perception
Perception,"she's paying much mind to you at the moment because she's more concerned about keeping the group alive and where you guys are currently headed. You'll have to try harder to get her attentions. It's okay, Grog. Can we look around the entrance and see if anything dangerous looks like it's around? I'm looking up on the ceiling. Yeah, now that you know the idea of what to look for, for a cloaker,",Investigation
Perception,"For the time being, it looks relatively safe on this part of the beach. Okay. And there's caves? There is a singular cave on the far end. There's a slight outcropping, and then it leads into that one 20-foot-wide cavern that goes deeper in there. I'm going to creep up just to the edge of the cave. I'm not going to go in.",Perception
Stealth,"And there's caves? There is a singular cave on the far end. There's a slight outcropping, and then it leads into that one 20-foot-wide cavern that goes deeper in there. I'm going to creep up just to the edge of the cave. I'm not going to go in. Is it a separate perception check for the inside of the cave as well? Yes. All right.",Stealth
Stealth,"on the far end. There's a slight outcropping, and then it leads into that one 20-foot-wide cavern that goes deeper in there. I'm going to creep up just to the edge of the cave. I'm not going to go in. Is it a separate perception check for the inside of the cave as well? Yes. All right. You want to make a stealth check one more time?",Stealth
Stealth,"There's a slight outcropping, and then it leads into that one 20-foot-wide cavern that goes deeper in there. I'm going to creep up just to the edge of the cave. I'm not going to go in. Is it a separate perception check for the inside of the cave as well? Yes. All right. You want to make a stealth check one more time? Stealth check first.",Stealth
Perception,"one more time? Stealth check first. Stealth check is good. It's a 21. 31. 31, okay. So making your way up, you dodge from low on the side of the beach, jumping in front of these strange stone platforms, keeping in, look for cover. You make your way up against the side of a wall, begin to glance inside.",Stealth
Arcana,"and it hits the back wall and ricochets off. Looking inside, it all looks like a natural cavern interior. The light is the same glowing white light that you're used to. Once it enters the deep part of the cave, the light almost gets a purplish hue before it's snuffed out. This doesn't seem very good. Wait, the light gets a purplish hue? The white light becomes purple and then (ffft) is snuffed.",Arcana
Perception,"using your tremor sense to formulate where the top of this cavern would be, and you poke your head through the floor. Looking into this, you can see now, there are portions of this cavern where it looks like elements of the mithril veins that the subterranean Kraghammer mines were currently pulling from seem to now spread down into this cavern. There are small veins that trickle through the rock in this cavern of mithril. You also look up and...",Perception
Nature,"fast-moving, slithering weird creatures that were up against the wall and now visible at this point strike at the rock and seem to start fighting each other for whatever that movement was. They're large, bluish and purple in color when it shifts in its form, with these sharp beaks and what looks like four tentacles that wrap out from the face. That's familiar. Maybe they're friendly!",Nature
Stealth,"I pick up the bomb, and I start guiding it into the cave. Is it so hard to just throw a freaking bomb into a cave? It's already in! Pay attention, ranger. So the bomb that was constructed ages ago by Percy that was originally intended to put on a summoned pony. Yes. Never got to use it. But now is finally being used. Tiberius, you approach the edge of the cavern.",Stealth
Stealth,"to just throw a freaking bomb into a cave? It's already in! Pay attention, ranger. So the bomb that was constructed ages ago by Percy that was originally intended to put on a summoned pony. Yes. Never got to use it. But now is finally being used. Tiberius, you approach the edge of the cavern. Make a stealth check. How do we light it? He'll light it. A what check?",Stealth
Perception,"with some gaping half-bodies of these creatures torn open from the explosion. There is nothing living and nothing moving from what you can see at the center of this cavern. Let's go in! The occasional (dripping sounds) chunks dripping off the ceiling. Excellent. Is the magic dispelled? For sure? Take a couple steps in, and perception.",Perception
Arcana,"where they do that to keep fed. However, this tunnel appears to be empty other than the strange phenomenon of this energy in the tunnel. I feel we should camp here for the night. No more magic? Or day, whenever the heck. Is there anything that can come through the portal? It's more just an energy shield. Before we plan something, is there a portal or something?",Athletics
Stealth,"I'm going to take the boat. I've got a big axe. I'll paddle the boat towards the island. Awesome. I've been practicing in the sand to impress Keyleth. Working on the elevator. I haven't figured it out yet, because I don't know what that is. You know that thing a dog does when it pulls its butt along the floor? But I could cast Pass Without a Trace so everybody gets +10",Stealth
Athletics,"All right, so you take a little bit of your thick, heavy leather thread, the stuff that you use for something, and you loosely attach it to the bottom of the carpet. Sorry, I did a quick scrying spell and I know that we're 50 shirts away from the total, so keep going. Get your mother a shirt. Keep going. Okay, so we're over the water? Yeah, we're already paddling. The boat's going too. We're fucking fast. So, as Grog's pulling along--",Investigation
Stealth,"Okay, so we're over the water? Yeah, we're already paddling. The boat's going too. We're fucking fast. So, as Grog's pulling along-- make an athletics check, by the way. Oh yeah, about to smash you. And we're stealthing? Ahead? You guys are-- Being sneaky. It's a 22. All right, so. You pull it across. It's a slow speed, but you're making your way. I would also like Grog",Stealth
Nature,"I will not forget that. Very rude. All right. Can we go inspect those structures up there? Yes, everyone wait here. I grab Scanlan by the scruff of the neck and nod at my sister. I turn invisible. Let's go take a peek, yes? We'll take a peek. Just wait a minute. We can wait. That's fine. I actually go collect a few of the vines hanging from the trees. All right.",Nature
Perception,"Very rude. All right. Can we go inspect those structures up there? Yes, everyone wait here. I grab Scanlan by the scruff of the neck and nod at my sister. I turn invisible. Let's go take a peek, yes? We'll take a peek. Just wait a minute. We can wait. That's fine. I actually go collect a few of the vines hanging from the trees. All right. Go ahead and make a nature check.",Nature
Stealth,"you look at it. The trees do not appear to be anything beyond a subterranean forest. Fungal trees. I wanted to collect some. Oh, you wanted to go over and collect some? Okay. It's quite a ways up. It's up the side of the cliff. It's up an incline, and the forest starts adjacent to the structure where they're going. Might want to wait.",Perception
Stealth,"No, I'll wait. I thought we were next to a tree. No, most of the forest starts further up this incline as the island itself begins to level off. Let the scouts scout. Let's go scout it out. All right. So we make our way up to the structure. 28 for stealth. 28 for stealth. You get advantage on your roll.",Stealth
Stealth,"I thought we were next to a tree. No, most of the forest starts further up this incline as the island itself begins to level off. Let the scouts scout. Let's go scout it out. All right. So we make our way up to the structure. 28 for stealth. 28 for stealth. You get advantage on your roll. Is it our old stealth check?",Stealth
Insight,"some sort of trail in its natural homestead. You see it standing probably close to 15, 20 feet in height as it begins lumbering up (krsh krsh krsh) towards you. Stealthed. Oh, should we hide? Can we try to hide? All of you were stealthed as well. Oh, yeah. Can I do insight and see if it seems like a bad guy?",Stealth
Insight,"""I've been the SHITs."" (all laugh) Someone asked if the group would ever do Hot Pepper Gaming. (laugh) There are plans in place for most of us to partake. I don't know if everyone will, but some will. Again. Quite a few. Yeah, so that will be fun. Someone is asking what Matt whispered to me",Insight
Medicine,"And I look at everyone here as a second family. Oh, Liam. We love you. I'm going to make a Liam plushie. Yeah, man. Love this guy here. Look at all the hearts. Oh, yeah, we've got to go on Honesty Hour now. Give them the whole shebang. Ride the feels. Has Pike tried healing? (laughs)",Medicine
Stealth,"These are dried apricots. Those are huge! I'm just saying it's a shame, because he's right in the thick of this sequence here. So, as the party was making their way up the shore, they found bits of the ruins that coat the entirety of the subterranean city. They found what looked like some sort of a large stone, partially crumbled fighting pit. And what looked-- As Vex, Vax, and Scanlan were stealthing over, Scanlan himself invisible, had stealthed over to scout ahead, managed to find what looked like an encampment of some kind. A series of rags and furs. A very large living space for some sort of creature. Scanlan,",Stealth
Acrobatics,"There are chunks of ruined buildings in the vicinity, probably a good 30, 40 feet from where you are. You guys are right along the edge. I think we should duck and hide under his covers. His big, nasty fur bed. All right. (booming footsteps) I go! Okay, stealthing away. Okay, so the two of you leap off the edge of this, down into his living, bedding area. Should I grab Scanlan and pull him in? No. The two of you leap off, down. Both make an",Acrobatics
Stealth,"Oh! So he's really small. He's a tiny guy, tiny guy. Yeah, he's like Rudy. Should we capture him, or should we just-- Scanlan goes, ""You, wha--"" Capture him, capture him! ""You told me to do something!"" You guys aren't there! I don't think you know how big he is-- Scanlan would say, ""Capture him!"" I know, that's what we're working through. Vax just backs back into the shadows, hoping the giant forgets about him. Thanks, vomit-y brother.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"him. Okay. So you leap off the side. As you leap in the air, he glances over with his large eye and does a backswing with the club in mid-air, trying to basically baseball-swing you. Oh, he'll hit me. We'll find out. That is an 18? Oh yeah. Okay. You take 19 points of bludgeoning damage. As he (impact sound). Tee-balls you. Really. Like, backhand swing hits you. (high-pitched) Ah!",Athletics
Acrobatics,"You may. (bad flute playing) I don't know, can you? (slightly less bad flute playing) There you go. Yeah, some Jethro Tull up in here. (sings) You got the touch! You got the power! I will say the mild, echoing sound of mildly off-key whistle following a mighty Lightning Bolt, is inspiring enough. Go ahead and take a d10. Okay. And now it is your turn. I'm going to use that. I want to make an",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"I will say the mild, echoing sound of mildly off-key whistle following a mighty Lightning Bolt, is inspiring enough. Go ahead and take a d10. Okay. And now it is your turn. I'm going to use that. I want to make an acrobatics check. I want to jump up on this guy's knee, and then dagger-dagger right into his strange eye that he tried to mess with me. Okay, so are you going directly for the eye? The eye, yeah, so I want to jump up his body, off his knee. (sultry) Jump up his body.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"off-key whistle following a mighty Lightning Bolt, is inspiring enough. Go ahead and take a d10. Okay. And now it is your turn. I'm going to use that. I want to make an acrobatics check. I want to jump up on this guy's knee, and then dagger-dagger right into his strange eye that he tried to mess with me. Okay, so are you going directly for the eye? The eye, yeah, so I want to jump up his body, off his knee. (sultry) Jump up his body. So what do I do? Acrobatics check first?",Acrobatics
Persuasion,"Taint, Knuckle Broom!"" which means, ""Brother! We ""seek to fight a great evil! Perchance, would thou carest to join us in such a fight? I have ale."" Inspiration? Anybody can-- Yeah, yeah. Would you like to join us? Whose turn is next? Grog. Next after this is Vax. You're just appealing to his reason? Can I go next? And help him out? It's a little late for that, unfortunately. He's ahead of you. We're not worth the trouble. But we would love to pay you in ale to join us on a much better fight.",Persuasion
Nature,"those. Can we just use chain and tie him up? Like Harry Potter! Engorgio! No? Engorgio? Fuck! Do we have chain? We have chain. Grog has chain. Let's chain him up. We chain him up! I have poison. I have drow poison from a previous adventure. That's a knockout drug, isn't it? You don't know much about drow poison. Damn it!",Nature
Perception,"Let me sleep, hold on. It is probably the nicest thing this creature has ever worn. Just keep that in mind. There's a pair of pants hanging off his eye. You finish restraining him with the chains. Who's doing what? She's just casting, right? I guess you can help me out? I'm going to inspire her, somehow. I'm going to encourage success. I'm going to inspire her with a song. I'm going to see if I see anything more than just spikes down in the hole.",Perception
Arcana,"out and it's an intricate gold and bronze javelin. You found booty? Pull me up. Well, I can't use this. What is it? It's a javelin. It's beautiful. Will you inspect it? Beautiful things should go to Pike, I think. Oh, Scanlan, but she has really good aim. She doesn't really throw sharp, pointy things. This would be good for you, big guy. I just feel that the gold of the javelin would match the gold of your heart. Oh, Scanlan!",Arcana
History,"I feel like we should hop down into the pit. Fomorian? Of spikes? No no no, not that pit. In the big pit. And rest. And that way we're blocked from view. Heal our, what are we calling him? Tiny. Tiny. Heal Tiny. He's a Fomorian? Just before we rest, does anyone have knowledge of his race and his species? Any of his weaknesses or strengths? Can I do a history check?",Nature
Nature,"Of spikes? No no no, not that pit. In the big pit. And rest. And that way we're blocked from view. Heal our, what are we calling him? Tiny. Tiny. Heal Tiny. He's a Fomorian? Just before we rest, does anyone have knowledge of his race and his species? Any of his weaknesses or strengths? Can I do a history check? I'll do a history check. Well, this will be more of a-- That's a one.",Nature
Nature,"rest. And that way we're blocked from view. Heal our, what are we calling him? Tiny. Tiny. Heal Tiny. He's a Fomorian? Just before we rest, does anyone have knowledge of his race and his species? Any of his weaknesses or strengths? Can I do a history check? I'll do a history check. Well, this will be more of a-- That's a one. Nature check? What kind of check? Yeah, this would be a-- This will be just a",Nature
Nature,"Tiny. Tiny. Heal Tiny. He's a Fomorian? Just before we rest, does anyone have knowledge of his race and his species? Any of his weaknesses or strengths? Can I do a history check? I'll do a history check. Well, this will be more of a-- That's a one. Nature check? What kind of check? Yeah, this would be a-- This will be just a nature check. What are we checking?",Nature
Stealth,"We're talking about a chance to gamble with his life. Let's let him do it. Yeah, we should go. We should know all we can know. I'm just wondering what more you're going to find out from a flyby that I couldn't find out from my vision. Well, I don't know how to tell you the things that you don't know yet, because you don't know them. Hold on. Vax, are you planning on going alone? That's silly. Take this guy. That's even more silly.",Persuasion
Athletics,"You bite your lips, you can taste the blood in your mouth. Oh Tiberius! Some farts! Look at those farts! I figured he'd like that. I run up his fat chest and I headbutt him in the face! Oh shit! Okay! It's my cask of ale! As Grog rushes up in a blur of angry motion, you see a trail of froth in the corners of his mouth as his head comes colliding into the giant. I'm going to say for this, go ahead and make an",Athletics
Medicine,"may have ahead of you. I know. Shit, I don't know what level to do it at. Since we're going to the whole thing. Do it level one. Level one? Sorry, brother. So 1d8 plus five. All right. Mark off a level one spell casting. It's almost healed. I'm sorry. We got a big battle, brother. Shouldn't have fallen asleep in that-- Ten.",Medicine
Stealth,"And, we'll say Clarota will go with you guys because Clarota can stealth. Kima will stay back. I cast Pass Without a Trace on the entire party, before we all take off. Good. All right. As you guys all continue forward. Let's see. Keyleth, are you going with them? No. I stay behind. All right. I'm going to, in front of us, using Minor Illusion, I'm just going to create a floating bald eagle thing to distract the bats with. Okay. It's just flying around.",Stealth
Stealth,"I'm staying on the carpet. So he's going back. And you're going back to pick up the others? And Grog slowly flies over and meets up with you guys. I thought you stayed back. No, I had to go with you so I could take the carpet back. There's enough room now, for the carpet to go back and take all of us? So I can come back with the carpet. Yeah. Because they're dropped off. Okay, so you dropped us off.",Stealth
Perception,"Oh no. That's 19. Plus ten? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. So, you guys are left at that point, now. I want to examine the structure to see if I could find the optimal place and the weaknesses in the structure. Whether or not it's more appropriate to pour the acid on the stone, whether it's better to pour the acid on the metal. Just to see where it would be weakest, mathematically.",Investigation
Persuasion,"How far away is it from me? About 60 feet. Don't do it. I turn, and I, seeing the bats come in, in bat language, in like, you know, echo (bat noises). The bats say, ""What are you clicking at us?"" Echolocation. I tell the bats, don't worry about it. Go home. Nothing to see here. Forget about it. Forget about it. We're running an errand for K'Varn. Don't worry about it.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"I cast Speak with Animals. That's what I cast. It was a spell. Oh! I did not hear that. I thought you were just trying to do that. (laughter) No, I said I do this. I cast Speak with Animals. I somehow missed that phrase or that never came up in the conversation. Anybody else hear Speak with Animals as a spell? I heard her say, ""I cast--"" I was looking at the page. Okay, I missed that. Okay, so. I think you said, ""I cast Talk to Bats.""",Persuasion
Stealth,"I have the mouse. Okay. So, I'm going to start by taking our normal vials of acid and I'm going to pour very gingerly right at the sections I want to crack and start letting it burn. While we're standing there, I pull out an arrow and I'm tying the little tiny mouse onto an arrow. And I also pull out my climbing equipment and my 200 feet of rope out of the Bag of Holding. All right. And start putting the climbing gear on.",Athletics
Arcana,"You take-- No. Are there any jutting stone things, anywhere around? It's just flat? No, it's smooth, stone surface surrounding this glass top. Percy, as you've placed the acid around the two sides, you kind of slowly move around and trickled along where the metal beams reach the stone. The acid is having an effect, but it's a very slow-- Okay, I'm going to take the major bottle of acid, and I'm just going to-- Before he does, can I-- I'm going to just see if there's any magic protecting these-- the metal or the joints.",Arcana
Stealth,"But the actual metal material also balances the acid with a little bit. So essentially, you begin carving into it, but the little bit you use doesn't keep burning through it. Burns to a certain point, and then just loses its acidity. Okay, I'm going to keep gingerly slicing it through, until it's just being held. The minute it starts to give, I'm going to shift to the next one. You make your way about halfway through the vial before that one platform you feel is about halfway or more dissolved through. All right, I'm going to take the other half and I'm going to work on the other--",Stealth
Stealth,"carpet. Yeah, I know. He's right there, though. Flying next to us. And, the Endless Rope? As I'm asking for that, I take out my Immovable Rod and I'm going to place it, kind of, in an exit position and (clicks)! Make it stay right above there. All right. As he releases it, this rod is now stuck in mid-air, anchored permanently until removed by a click in that position. And I start flipping through the rope so it goes-- The whole time, I'm just doing that so it goes all the way down.",Stealth
Investigation,"we won't have even gotten through-- But what if it doesn't bust all the way through until we start popping some of the beams? I don't-- I think dropping three tons on him is going have much more-- And even if it doesn't, it might be better than trying to crank it. It's a three-inch-thick piece of pane and steel. I'm going to do-- Would I have gotten enough engineering information about it to actually have a good sense on whether or not three to five tons would actually do anything at this point?",Persuasion
Athletics,"A d10. That's a ten? That's a d10. Two. A 14. That's a 14? So, as you bring your shield up to defend, this strange kind of grayish-green ray slams into you and you feel weightless for a moment, as, all of a sudden, you're lifted off your feet and carried down into the chamber, floating, restrained. Unable to move. And you're just kind of floating in midair right there, right now. Okay. And then the beam releases you. Go ahead and",Athletics
Athletics,"50 feet at an angle. (laughs) I'm gonna do it. Fuck it. What are you doing? YOLO. YOLO! I'm going to run off the carpet and I'm going to do a swan dive and-- She's not on the carpet. You're not on the carpet with Tiberius, you're on the edge of the platform. Tiberius is up here. I'm on the edge of the platform-- There you go. Running, and I'm going to swan dive, and as I swan dive--",Athletics
Athletics,"I'm going to grab about-- How high are we up? You are about 50 feet up right now. 50 feet, all right. I'm going to use my bonus action to get down to 25 feet and I'm going to jump-- But I'm going to jump out in the hopes of swinging this way, and swinging back towards K'Varn. (laughs) Pendulum. That's what I want to-- Pendulum at him, yeah. I want to jump out and go, woo, woo! Okay, so you grab the rope, leap out in that direction. Catching yourself at 25 feet. That's going to be your movement for this whole thing. So you reach up, you grab it. Go ahead and make an",Athletics
Athletics,"way and the beam just (shhh) past you. Thank you, Keyleth. You're-- Yeah, totally. I don't know what I did, but you're welcome. As it hits part of the stone nearby you, wherever the beam hits the stone, the stone is just no longer there. It's like it just carved through it. What was this one? Very similar to what Queen Ulara did to the top of the throne room. Disintegrate. You could've been dead. As movement, K'Varn's going to try and break your grapple. Go ahead and make another athletics",Athletics
Acrobatics,"It's not an attack, okay. Then a strength saving throw. With advantage. Oh, With advantage. Oh good. Ee. Not good. Ten. So a familiar beam streaks up, kind of a deep green color slams into you. And you feel yourself chucked off the top, restrained, and then pulled down with severe force into the center of the temple. Oh, into the room? But I don't want to be in there. And then the beam releases you. You go slamming into the ground. Go ahead and make an",Acrobatics
Athletics,"either. I'll hold my turn, then. I'll hold my turn. Hold your turn, all right. 'Til Grog's? 'Til Grog's All right. Keyleth out of the line. Back to the top of the next round. Pike, you're up. You're currently (grunts). Can I heal if I'm still grappled? You can, yeah, you just can't move. You can break the grapple though, right? As a movement, you can break the grapple if you want to. I'm going try to break the grapple first, 'cause then I can--",Athletics
Athletics,"going to go ahead and use an ability called Sacred Weapon. She pulls out the hammer and as she brings her hand across it, this divine flame begins to burn around the base of where she's holding it and the giant head of the maul. Badass. She steps forward to there. Actually, going to move to the side a little bit, there. That's going to be her turn. She shouts out, ""Someone bring it down!"" Brings to the top of the round. Grog and Keyleth. Oh, I'm getting a donut. Hang on. Okay. Fastball Special. Fastball Special. So, ""Gymnast, hyup!""",Athletics
Athletics,"Pretty freaking huge. I know. Not that high up. I would say, you go ahead and roll a strength check as well, as you're also pushing off of her. Fuck yes. 22. 22. Between him pushing off the force of your hands, you manage to move over, leap in the air approximately at his height. Before you plummet, what are you going to do? Horn. Horn. Horn! Yeah, I'm going to grab the black horn. All right. You reach out. Go ahead and make",Athletics
Perception,"19. Yeah. Damn. For a second, you feel like the force of K'Varn's mind begins to creep over yours, and you feel the urge to suddenly turn to his side. You shrug it off out of just the general fury and anger, realizing that you, wouldn't matter, being raging, are immune to charm effects. All right, that ends your turn. Tiberius? Still over here. As far as, down, as I could have been to begin with, so even-Steven with those guys. Yeah. What do I see in the town? Do I see a mass anywhere?",Perception
Persuasion,"About 30 feet from you. Great. You, over there! Quickly! And I get their attention. They all stop and look up at you. A look of confusion, as mind flayers both do not speak through language, let alone speak Common out loud. Look, I took the form of one of your own. Pretty much to get your attention. We need your help. We want to defeat the one who's taken control over your mind. We are the ones who disabled the crystal to begin with. Please come on this-- With me. We can go much faster. Up here, please!",Persuasion
Athletics,"of his view. That brings it to K'Varn's turn. K'Varn is going to attempt to shrug you off the horn, Grog. Hold on! First it's going to fly up. Oh, great, yeah. That's good. It's going to fly up? I had to grab that thing. Can I move underneath so I can maybe catch Grog from where I cheerleader-- Unfortunately, right now, no. Why are you cheerleading somebody? Prep. Prep for the basket? Because I imagine it was like a cheerleader.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"First it's going to fly up. Oh, great, yeah. That's good. It's going to fly up? I had to grab that thing. Can I move underneath so I can maybe catch Grog from where I cheerleader-- Unfortunately, right now, no. Why are you cheerleading somebody? Prep. Prep for the basket? Because I imagine it was like a cheerleader. Make an athletics check. 15. 15? K'Varn nudges you. A sheer bit of force. Your hand lets go and you plummet backward again,",Acrobatics
Athletics,"mark above her, a giant flash of divine energy, just kind of sparks in-- Is left behind her like a giant trail through the sky. She brings the hammer down towards K'Varn. That is a 21, that hits. As she slams into it, Kima-- Go ahead and throw-- Is going to go ahead and throw a 3rd-level spell into Divine Smite, doing an additional 3d8 damage on top of that. That'll be 38 points of divine damage. That's great. Slamming into the side, knocking teeth out. You can see, now, portions of the eye starting to swell. K'Varn's looking pretty rough. Kima, however, just continues to go and attempts to land--",Athletics
Athletics,"It's very heavy? Yeah, so beat it in the face. I was going to try and bring it down on top of K'Varn. Kind of in the middle of a bunch of stuff. Yeah. The process of doing that will probably take out a few other people. Punch the eyeball. I'm then just going to run and just do a double strike. Well, you know what? I'm going to run in and just grapple him. I'm going to grapple him again. All right, go for it. Go ahead and make an",Athletics
Insight,"""with this circumstance, as long as you pay me this much."" Or, conversely, ""I'll help you with this, ""as long as you can talk to so-and-so in the town and get them to drop this bounty on my head."" Y'know? You think of what things would fall into her wants and needs the party could do for her and in turn could help them. However, if they've talked around the town, they may notice that she has demonic lineage, and they might bring it up in conversation and see her reaction. She might be very good at hiding that aspect. She might be able to, y'know, to say, ""Well, yes, I'm a tiefling ""indeed, but, y'know, that is not of my own doing."" The players could then go, ""Huh. She seems",Insight
Insight,"much."" Or, conversely, ""I'll help you with this, ""as long as you can talk to so-and-so in the town and get them to drop this bounty on my head."" Y'know? You think of what things would fall into her wants and needs the party could do for her and in turn could help them. However, if they've talked around the town, they may notice that she has demonic lineage, and they might bring it up in conversation and see her reaction. She might be very good at hiding that aspect. She might be able to, y'know, to say, ""Well, yes, I'm a tiefling ""indeed, but, y'know, that is not of my own doing."" The players could then go, ""Huh. She seems uncomfortable. I'm gonna roll an insight check on",Insight
Persuasion,"Y'know? You think of what things would fall into her wants and needs the party could do for her and in turn could help them. However, if they've talked around the town, they may notice that she has demonic lineage, and they might bring it up in conversation and see her reaction. She might be very good at hiding that aspect. She might be able to, y'know, to say, ""Well, yes, I'm a tiefling ""indeed, but, y'know, that is not of my own doing."" The players could then go, ""Huh. She seems uncomfortable. I'm gonna roll an insight check on this,"" then roll an insight check-- they roll a d20, adding their insight skill. The DM then, you, privately would go ahead and roll a deception",Insight
Persuasion,"pieces and more. And so that helps you kinda gauge how easy or hard it is for players to find something of that level, and each one of the magical items in the book tells you if it's rare, uncommon, any of those type of circumstances. However, it gives you a range, so you as the GM or DM, you decide based on how powerful the item is, how much it's worth if the players wanted to sell it or buy it, and generally you consider if players are selling magical items, they're selling lower than they would buy it from, like any sort of pawn shop-type thing, they might get a quarter of what it's worth at a store, but if they're really charismatic and they're really good with",Persuasion
Perception,"glance over, and currently you can only see a few feet into the darkened well, and it's too dark for you to see anything beneath. However, you are, as you are a dwarf, you have dark vision, and in the low-light circumstance from the noonday sun, you are able to look down and see that the brackish liquid, what would be a normal watery well, instead is very thick and viscous in the way it slowly moves. And from what you can gather, the water is disturbed. Recently has been disturbed. Huh, that's good. Are there any shiny trinkets there, like there might be some coins in the bottom? Anything glittering through the thickness?",Perception
Athletics,"I forgot me stumpy arms. With the aid of someone else, you could probably get in there if you want-- Would you be so kind as to dangle me? Oh yeah, you know I'll dangle you. It's a dwarf thing. So (laughs) as Ulfgar grabs you by the ankles and slams you over the front of the well, you dangle down, your fingers just reaching in towards the liquid. You grab at the coins. It's very, very cold, the liquid, but it warms quickly as a strange tingling sensation begins to rapidly encase your hand as the feeling begins to go numb. Your hand gathers a handful of coin, and I want",Athletics
Perception,"We speak Common. (laughter) What would it take to pick up the Snugglelord and dip his head, just the tip of his head-- Oh, what about the gold piece you just gave me? Yeah, just dip his head in, just a little bit. Listen, I want to find this chat room. Let's find where those scampering scabs got off to. All right. But after this, I'm dipping your head in the juice, man. All right, so. Glancing over, I want all three of you to go ahead and",Persuasion
Deception,"impact, you managed to jostle free whatever part of your lockpick was stuck in the door, which suddenly swings open, smoke billows out into the midday sun, and you see a cloaked individual, probably about a little shorter than you in height, comes rushing out, coughing outward, just trying to get a breath of fresh air. I saved you. Who set your house on fire, man? Ah, shit! Yo, your house got set on fire, dude! Is that door made of mithral? You look really weird, why couldn't you just say hello, you looked weird, and we tried to get in, we couldn't, you look weird.",Deception
Deception,"of your lockpick was stuck in the door, which suddenly swings open, smoke billows out into the midday sun, and you see a cloaked individual, probably about a little shorter than you in height, comes rushing out, coughing outward, just trying to get a breath of fresh air. I saved you. Who set your house on fire, man? Ah, shit! Yo, your house got set on fire, dude! Is that door made of mithral? You look really weird, why couldn't you just say hello, you looked weird, and we tried to get in, we couldn't, you look weird. Make a deception check.",Deception
Persuasion,"The horse, actually, I'm gonna give you the full story, the horse was blocking my way to help get you out of this house, this ugly-ass horse, all in my way, anyway. Is there a way to convince her that I'm the only person here she should trust? Yeah, tell her. I'm like, look here, little girl, these guys are idiots, you don't wanna talk to them, just talk to me, like look me in the eyes, talk to me, let's talk this through, like what's going on with you, what's up with you-- Yeah, trust the guy who looks like Lord Hades himself.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"get you out of this house, this ugly-ass horse, all in my way, anyway. Is there a way to convince her that I'm the only person here she should trust? Yeah, tell her. I'm like, look here, little girl, these guys are idiots, you don't wanna talk to them, just talk to me, like look me in the eyes, talk to me, let's talk this through, like what's going on with you, what's up with you-- Yeah, trust the guy who looks like Lord Hades himself. Roll a persuasion check. What's that?",Persuasion
Acrobatics,"Well, this sucks so far. Then you feel this strange lightening sensation in your feet, almost like the pressure's beginning to alleviate, and with that, you now fall. You're falling in darkness. (yell) God no, I'm gonna die without seeing my Helen again! Oh no! I use my Darkvision to kind of see what's below me. Where's my money? Where's my money? Unfortunately, there's no light source down here at all, so you don't even have dim light to work off of, it's pure darkness. However, I want",Perception
Perception,"currently. Can I check the room for traps? You're welcome to, if you want to step up to the corner. You'd better do that quick, because that's a big-ass crystal-- Oh yeah! -- and that looks like it's worth a lot of money. I was just gonna say. Yeah, you know. I really wanna check for traps before this guy-- And I'm a rogue.",Investigation
Intimidation,"Thaumaturgy and make myself appear to be a massive giant-like individual with a booming voice and I intimidate him and go, ""You are beneath me, you foul creature!"" Yeah, make him punch you first. So, for a moment this frightened, shaking tiefling individual grounds himself, and this kind of greenish energy begins to build around his body. As it does, his physical form seems to almost rise two to three feet, his shoulders broaden, his face grows dark, his eyes begin to spark with a fiery red light. The voice booms out throughout the hallway, and the entirety of this room's structure, catching you off-guard. Go ahead",Intimidation
Acrobatics,"stuff might work! Yeah, you think? That brings us up to the top. Salty, you're up. All right-- Do it again, I know I said it was stupid last time, but go for it! I'm gonna believe in myself. I'm gonna sprint towards the crystal, leap through the air, doing a flip, grabbing it, and taking it out of its hold. Is the flip just natural? You just had to add the flip? All right. Go for broke.",Athletics
Athletics,"You can, you'd probably take an attack from the creature, but-- All right. Yeah, I run towards it, safely, not trying to do any fancy flips or anything. Okay, so as you rush past, it swings out at you. That's gonna be a 14. I think you said your AC's 16? Yeah. So you just, it glances off your shoulder, you take the blow but keep pushing forward with the sheer force of your dwarven physical self. Woo! As you leap just over the liquid, I'm just gonna make you, have you do a",Athletics
Acrobatics,"I am worthless in a battle. Smash it! Okay, I'm gonna smash it, I'm gonna run up and smash it in his hand. Please, no! Don't worry, don't worry, Salty, I'll drink to your name! I'm honestly not worried about his hand, he's already lost a lot of use of it, the skin is gone, like, he'll be, it doesn't matter, you're not gonna masturbate with that thing anyway anymore. I never did. So Snugglelord's tiefling form darts in and in the shaded interior of the room runs across. Go",Perception
Medicine,"see what is a fingerless half-hand now bleeding profusely. Haha, you look better now! Oh, everybody's a fucking comedian. Which is the last words you say before you fall unconscious on the ground from the severe shock and blood loss. We did it! Aw man, I really liked that dude, man. He's fine, he just lost some fingers. So as he's now unconscious on the ground, bleeding out, does anyone wanna try and help him? Yeah, I'm gonna try and resurrect him in some way.",Medicine
Medicine,"fall unconscious on the ground from the severe shock and blood loss. We did it! Aw man, I really liked that dude, man. He's fine, he just lost some fingers. So as he's now unconscious on the ground, bleeding out, does anyone wanna try and help him? Yeah, I'm gonna try and resurrect him in some way. All right. Go ahead and make a medicine check. Do you have a medicine kit or anything like that? I don't have one. Yes, say yes, Thaumaturgy. I just have the dungeoneer's kit.",Medicine
Perception,"I am gonna plunge my mangled paw into that clear-ass water. It is cold and slightly helpful in soothing the pain, and you are glad for once since you arrived here to see some water that is not absolutely terrifying. Thank god for that. Yeah, man, we did it. It's good, it's good. So do you want me to pick up your fingers, or? Yeah, that'd be fucking great. All right, so I put his fingers in my pack. I'm a little shorthanded.",Perception
Persuasion,"looks to who to plop it to immediately. It's over here. He gave it away in the battle. He's not gonna catch it. He's not gonna catch it. Oh yeah, great, make fun of the cripple. Yeah, all right. You know, Lily, I just wanna say, I really liked these moments we shared together. I think that we make a good team, and I'd love for you to continue on this adventure with us so we can get to know each other. The sandstones on this one. You know, it's like, you know, it's like an adventure date.",Persuasion
Athletics,"As you say that, Clarota turns, and the two stone doorways on each side of the temple shift open and you notice three mind flayers glide in from the side of the room. I notch my arrow. No, no! Stop, no don't. It's fine, it's fine, it's fine. Two small, bi-pedal, brain-like creatures. No! No. At which point, Clarota puts his hands up like this. I'm grappled, so. Yeah, you're still being held back, but you can try to break from the grapple if you want to",Athletics
Acrobatics,"okay. Except me. Yeah, the other one-- I'm going to go up further. Even further? Okay. ""Because I didn't help you guys!"" Thanks, Tiberius! ""I abandoned my troop!"" It's going to come in handy now! Am I high enough yet for her to jump down onto the-- Yeah, you could probably pull it off. So, if you and your bear want to jump on?",Acrobatics
Perception,"That's a Sneak Attack, because she's next to him. There's nothing in the rule book about stunned, or unconscious, or anything. How Sneak Attack works is if they're next to someone that's aggressive toward them  they feel like they have people on two fronts, which is why you get the benefit. He is, to be fair, very occupied. I will say, circumstantially though, because he is currently grappled on to Pike, and is in the process of trying to grind into her brain with his mouth, he is a little preoccupied at the moment. He's sucking head. So I'm going to go ahead and make a",Stealth
Stealth,"him. There's nothing in the rule book about stunned, or unconscious, or anything. How Sneak Attack works is if they're next to someone that's aggressive toward them  they feel like they have people on two fronts, which is why you get the benefit. He is, to be fair, very occupied. I will say, circumstantially though, because he is currently grappled on to Pike, and is in the process of trying to grind into her brain with his mouth, he is a little preoccupied at the moment. He's sucking head. So I'm going to go ahead and make a perception roll versus your fast movement. Go",Stealth
Perception,"Do we get out of here or do we try to kill these things? Can you get us out of here? I can get some of us out of here. Start getting us out. Are we getting out or are we fighting? Getting us out. Because we still have these fuckers we have to-- Because Tiberius can get some of us out, right? It's just the brains. Just the little brains. It's just the little brains. For now.",Investigation
Athletics,"dangling from this side where you guys first came in. Stomp all over the brain to get to it. 50 speed. You can get up to here. You can just get up to the rope and we'll say as your dash action you can begin to climb, if you'd like. I would like to climb. Okay. I would like to raise. I would like to rage. Rage climb. It gets you about there. Rage climbing like (grunts). Yes! One-handed up the rope. That's pretty",Athletics
Arcana,"temple, yeah. Okay. Drop earth elemental. All right. Keyleth is on the field. Would you say-- Oh boy. (laughter) Nothing good ever comes out of this. What do you got, Keyleth, what are you doing? Theoretically. Theoretically? Our brains are made up of water, right? Would you say that there is water in the like jello brain mold, like water molecules would be in it?",Arcana
Perception,"Oh, okay. Okay. So we're somewhere in Emon. But I just had to pick the two. So we could be in someone's living room right now? I'll use Telekinesis to lift the Horn off the carpet. Okay. You still have the spells? Yeah, I can burn one from my Ioun stone. Should we wrap it at all? It'll be fine in the Bag of Holding. Not knowing what else to do, Vax is going to go to the door and just inspect it, see if it's trapped.",Investigation
Persuasion,"No ill intent. Intent? Yes. ""We have no expected arrivals at this hour. I need to know your business, your names, and your ""affiliations immediately."" We will totally do that when we know-- We are affiliated with the king. Yeah, emperor. Just tell the emperor that Vox Machina has returned from Kraghammer, and we have news for him, and-- ""Well."" We were on very secret business for the crown, actually. And that is why you weren't informed of our business. Yeah, I'm Tiberius Stormwind. How are you?",Persuasion
Insight,"have it, I think one or two of us should take it away. We don't all have to be at that meeting. I think we just keep it in the Bag of Holding, she'll never suspect. Well, hang on, it's in the Bag of Holding right now? Yeah. Yes. Grog, is there nothing else in that bag of holding? Nothing it can, we took out all the stuff it can turn into some like evil transformer or something. You know, the other characters can make",Investigation
History,"""have if left alone. At the very least, I know that they're probably having to return and lick their ""wounds where we left behind. It would be folly for them, especially knowing that we're aware, to ""attack now."" Okay, that's good. ""But we can notify those in Kraghammer to buffer their defenses, close the tunnels that you ""took down there and my army as well, and that should give us time to prepare if we choose to ""seize or at least seal them off."" And your Order is what? ""The Order of the Platinum Dragon."" Right. That's a really good Order, right?",History
Religion,"""wounds where we left behind. It would be folly for them, especially knowing that we're aware, to ""attack now."" Okay, that's good. ""But we can notify those in Kraghammer to buffer their defenses, close the tunnels that you ""took down there and my army as well, and that should give us time to prepare if we choose to ""seize or at least seal them off."" And your Order is what? ""The Order of the Platinum Dragon."" Right. That's a really good Order, right? History check, can I do a history check?",History
Religion,"them, especially knowing that we're aware, to ""attack now."" Okay, that's good. ""But we can notify those in Kraghammer to buffer their defenses, close the tunnels that you ""took down there and my army as well, and that should give us time to prepare if we choose to ""seize or at least seal them off."" And your Order is what? ""The Order of the Platinum Dragon."" Right. That's a really good Order, right? History check, can I do a history check? It's a religion check.",History
History,"""But we can notify those in Kraghammer to buffer their defenses, close the tunnels that you ""took down there and my army as well, and that should give us time to prepare if we choose to ""seize or at least seal them off."" And your Order is what? ""The Order of the Platinum Dragon."" Right. That's a really good Order, right? History check, can I do a history check? It's a religion check. That's a religion check, not history check? Pike.",History
Religion,"""seize or at least seal them off."" And your Order is what? ""The Order of the Platinum Dragon."" Right. That's a really good Order, right? History check, can I do a history check? It's a religion check. That's a religion check, not history check? Pike. You could roll a history check and probably gain some knowledge based on that, but the-- Could I do it? If you'd like to.",Religion
History,"And your Order is what? ""The Order of the Platinum Dragon."" Right. That's a really good Order, right? History check, can I do a history check? It's a religion check. That's a religion check, not history check? Pike. You could roll a history check and probably gain some knowledge based on that, but the-- Could I do it? If you'd like to. Are you doing a religion check, Percy?",Religion
Religion,"""The Order of the Platinum Dragon."" Right. That's a really good Order, right? History check, can I do a history check? It's a religion check. That's a religion check, not history check? Pike. You could roll a history check and probably gain some knowledge based on that, but the-- Could I do it? If you'd like to. Are you doing a religion check, Percy? I'm doing a history check, if you want",Religion
Religion,"Right. That's a really good Order, right? History check, can I do a history check? It's a religion check. That's a religion check, not history check? Pike. You could roll a history check and probably gain some knowledge based on that, but the-- Could I do it? If you'd like to. Are you doing a religion check, Percy? I'm doing a history check, if you want to do a religion check.",Religion
Insight,"up the center of the tower, going up one, two, three stories. And as you're going up you're seeing certain sections of wooden library shelves set up at odd angles along the top of the arcane tower itself. You can see there are small stairways that lead off into doorways that seem to almost exit into the sky. You've gotten into the idea that a lot of these powerful mage-built towers, the inner workings don't really match the outer exterior look. And there are rooms that shouldn't exist at certain points as you lift up.",Investigation
Insight,"""With the proper surrounding strength and ""formidable individuals, ""I can take it to the grand chantry in Osthania ""where the High Paladin Archibald will reseal it. ""Far away from the eyes and minds of the world. ""Lest we can come up with some sort of ""way to destroy this item."" At which point the Arbiter, Braum, steps forward. ""If you think there's possibly a way ""to destroy this, we need to discover this here. ""We cannot allow it outside of the midst of this, ""to some chaotic winds and whim of the world around us. ""We have the walls of Emon to keep it safe. ""Why not take it to the Lyceum.""",Insight
Insight,"""Why not take it to the Lyceum."" I want to make an insight check on the whole table. Dang. I want to also double-check, who was it that handed off the letter to the Briarwoods? That was the sovereign. Sovereign? Thank you. So which individual, the Arbiter? Yeah. Okay, Arbiter Braum. What'd you roll? Just a ten. Ten? Can I insight the seeker? Sure.",Insight
Insight,"Can I insight the seeker? Sure. What's your insight roll? Thirteen. Thirteen? Okay. I would like to insight the sovereign just because, reasons. Yeah, we do. One. Starting the game off strong guys. I think you need some Florida rolling. I'm just an idiot thinking. I think you need some Florida rolling. Yeah, I think so too. You're awfully quiet.",Insight
Insight,"(all laugh) At this point Allura sits forward and to the rest of the group, says, ""To be fair Kima, in my experience and knowledge, ""ships function well for the movement ""of goods and large objects. ""The speed of this requires some expediting and ""I happen to have a friend who is over in Osthania, ""probably not far from your clergy. ""Perhaps we can facilitate a two-day travel?"" At which point the group leans back for a second and Kima goes, ""Well fine. Yeah, I guess."" Shoots a dirty look a little bit to --",Insight
Deception,"""the foothold of Whitestone in the north. ""So they came here on a diplomatic mission to open trade."" That's nice. I would love to. Please, keep it quiet, but if I could be notified if they're coming through again. I would like very much to surprise them, if that would be possible. Am I standing next to Percy? Am I hearing this? Yes. Good. It's just old business. It would be very interesting to see them again. For the sake of this conversation,",Perception
Persuasion,"I would also say we should take the six superior healing potions, as well. Absolutely. ""The greater ones."" Greater. What did we just buy? We didn't buy superior? We bought the three superior. We should also get the six greater. Six greater. All right. How much is that? ""Those are 500 apiece. ""With your discount, that would be 450 apiece."" But if we're buying all six, 400 apiece is a very good price. Now, this is the Vex I miss.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"six superior healing potions, as well. Absolutely. ""The greater ones."" Greater. What did we just buy? We didn't buy superior? We bought the three superior. We should also get the six greater. Six greater. All right. How much is that? ""Those are 500 apiece. ""With your discount, that would be 450 apiece."" But if we're buying all six, 400 apiece is a very good price. Now, this is the Vex I miss. Roll a persuasion check.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Absolutely. ""The greater ones."" Greater. What did we just buy? We didn't buy superior? We bought the three superior. We should also get the six greater. Six greater. All right. How much is that? ""Those are 500 apiece. ""With your discount, that would be 450 apiece."" But if we're buying all six, 400 apiece is a very good price. Now, this is the Vex I miss. Roll a persuasion check. Persuasion check,",Persuasion
Persuasion,"I’d actually say we take both. Not that I’m here. Take both. 750 was not the discounted price. No. She gives you another look of like, ugh. She adjusts her glasses. To be fair, we are spending a lot, right? Overall, so. Overall. ""That would come to 1350."" Thirteen fifty. We’ll take it. 1300. Remember, we’re very good friends of Gilmore’s, he said to treat us well.",Persuasion
Stealth,"""and you can’t have more than three items attuned to you, ""so be aware of your limitations."" What’s the price on that one? ""This is 550 gold pieces."" Okay. Pike, do you have any 3rd-level healing spells? Do I have 3rd-level healing spells? I do. ""We’ll put it aside as a possibility. I also have --"" And you move to the side, going through the armor section as well, she goes -- ""I have a mithral chain shirt, ""as well as an enchanted mithral chain shirt, ""there is a plus one enchantment on it as well. ""They are flexible and can be worn under normal clothing,",Persuasion
Perception,"Five hundred thousand gold right there. That’s like another 10,000 we have in dragon scales. We have 11 pounds of dragon scales. And how about that diamond that we put in the mending wheel? No, ruby. It’s flawless and beautiful and so sparkly. How much? Pulls that again, looks over it. Catch. ""This ruby, probably about 500 gold pieces."" That’s it? We also have three dragon teeth, fangs from the beast’s mouth.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"We have 11 pounds of dragon scales. And how about that diamond that we put in the mending wheel? No, ruby. It’s flawless and beautiful and so sparkly. How much? Pulls that again, looks over it. Catch. ""This ruby, probably about 500 gold pieces."" That’s it? We also have three dragon teeth, fangs from the beast’s mouth. Make a perception roll. Oh sweet, and they froze there.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"It’s flawless and beautiful and so sparkly. How much? Pulls that again, looks over it. Catch. ""This ruby, probably about 500 gold pieces."" That’s it? We also have three dragon teeth, fangs from the beast’s mouth. Make a perception roll. Oh sweet, and they froze there. Or not that, a persuasion roll. Oh no, they -- Oh no, they didn’t! I’m gonna tell them. Oh my gosh.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"How much? Pulls that again, looks over it. Catch. ""This ruby, probably about 500 gold pieces."" That’s it? We also have three dragon teeth, fangs from the beast’s mouth. Make a perception roll. Oh sweet, and they froze there. Or not that, a persuasion roll. Oh no, they -- Oh no, they didn’t! I’m gonna tell them. Oh my gosh. Persuasion roll. Oh no!",Persuasion
Persuasion,"I have a Ring of Protection plus two, and a Belt of Dwarven- What is that? What does that do? It gives you a plus two bonus to AC and saving throws while wearing this ring. I need that. And then I also have the Belt of Dwarvenkind. Did you say the most amazing thing about it? The Belt of Dwarvenkind? Yeah. Yeah, you guys remember this? It gives you a plus two to your constitution modifier. You have",Persuasion
Perception,"You guys have exited Gilmore's at this time. Are we standing out on the street divvying up random items? Yes. You guys are essentially in the middle of the thoroughfare in Abadar's Promenade of Emon, bickering over the items you guys are distributing amongst yourselves in broad daylight. Well I've got a beautiful pearl, so I'm happy. I've got a book! Are there any shady characters making eyes at our goods?",Persuasion
Perception,"time. Are we standing out on the street divvying up random items? Yes. You guys are essentially in the middle of the thoroughfare in Abadar's Promenade of Emon, bickering over the items you guys are distributing amongst yourselves in broad daylight. Well I've got a beautiful pearl, so I'm happy. I've got a book! Are there any shady characters making eyes at our goods? Make a perception check.",Insight
Insight,"That's a good one. Oh. 21. Oh... Right. Oh! (laughs) No, as soon as you procure it, he leans forward and snatches it gingerly from your fingers and looks it over in his eyes. ""Ooh! This is a fine piece."" (whispering) It's super-duper flawless 'cause you put it in the Wheel. ""For trade?"" Just tell me how much it's worth first. ""This gem would probably run you anywhere from 200 to 300 gold."" Do I sense that he's lying?",Insight
Investigation,"now. The other half when the enchantment is ""complete."" (quietly) That is insane. We didn't buy it for that much, did we? They haggled it down a little bit. We tossed it in with a deal and stuff. Stuff's expensive, man. Stuff is expensive. I'll chill for now. ""Very well. Come back if you change your mind."" I will. Wait, did I find a book? Right. We'll get to that now. Roll an",Investigation
Investigation,"He gave you a look like, ""Hm."" Like, maybe? Okay. It's tough to tell. He sort of has that look. Without taking too long on it, I was also hoping, while we're in town. That armor that we stole from the big rhinoceros monster in the duergar castle? Oh, the bulette. Yes. The armor that we took from him. Is there any way I can find a blacksmith that can maybe upgrade Trinket's armor with that? Ooh. That's an interesting thought. All right. Go",Investigation
Persuasion,"talented blacksmith. ""Oh, aye. Depends on what you're looking for. What're you putting in the furnace?"" I have quite an interesting proposition for you. ""I like interesting."" I may have some material you've never worked with, I don't know. Oh, here we go. Would you mind stepping outside for a moment? Get some fresh air? At this point, specifically, she goes from extremely welcoming to a very nervous, untrusting look. Believe me, you'll want to see this.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"""Well, you're providing the materials. That definitely cuts the cost significantly. For my ""time and work, and lack of sleep--"" And we will send many, many customers your way. ""Can I put my personal brand on this?"" Of course. Wait-- ""Well, then."" You're not there. (whispering) Trinket isn't sponsored, it's just fucking us. Okay. ""500 gold suffice?"" How about 450?",Persuasion
Medicine,"That's a 30? 30 points of healing. As you're saying this and you're stuttering this out, she goes into a singular trance, clutches her holy symbol with one hand, and reaches out and grabs your foot with the other. Her hand almost burns at the touch, something you instinctively pull back on, but her grip is like an iron vice and you cannot release yourself from it. And as she just intensely focuses forward, you can see this glowing divine energy transfer from down her forearm into your foot. Fear reaches you suddenly because you don't understand the divine, and though you've seen some crazy things, this is a little worrying. You've seen some shit. I want you",Medicine
Persuasion,"knock the doors open and as loud as I can, go, Listen up! I want to know if anyone has seen any goliaths wandering around these parts. Aside from me. Do you wish to do this via conversational persuasion or through intimidation? Because there are two ways you can go with this, Grog. And you're wearing the belt that makes you extra persuasive. Only with dwarves. Persuasive... yeah, well, maybe there's some dwarves hanging about. There might be some dwarves! So how are you doing this? Okay, make a",Persuasion
Intimidation,"Dude. You've got to check your balanced dice, man. All right. So as you burst in and shout this to the group, everyone stops and turns and looks... and then goes right back to drinking and their conversation. There appears to be no immediate reaction. Can I jump up-- I jump up on a table and I say, Listen, you motherfuckers, my friend just asked you a fucking question, now fucking answer him or I'm going to kill every last motherfucking one of you! I'd listen to him, he means it. Can you do that?",Intimidation
Nature,"All right. So let's go. Let's go to the Council. Are you proficient in herbalism? Huh? Are you proficient in herbalism? Or medicine I guess it would be now, sorry. Herbalism is, sorry, that's old systems. I mean, I'm proficient in nature. We'll say nature, it'd be nature. I've run too many systems. Too many games. So we'll say, are you proficient in nature? Yeah. Druid, yo. So you double your proficiency bonus on any",Nature
Perception,"wings-- it looks dragon-like in its physicality but it's smaller than any dragon you've encountered. It's flapping giant wings and lets out a screech as it takes off, but it looks like there's something on its back. What? You see two to three more of these now starting to divebomb. It's Daenerys! You can see the rest of the deckhands are up there now, with weapons ready, and are starting to fight some of these off. Can we use any kind of perception to see if the things on them are controlling them?",Perception
Nature,"that even in this low-light circumstance, there appear to be on three of these winged, dragon-like creatures smallish, humanoid entities that are on small, almost leather strapped saddles that are put on the sides of this creature. They're clutching onto it and each one is carrying some sort of large, spear-like weapon. There is a fourth one in the distance that does not appear to be dragonoid. This one appears to be feather-covered in its physical form. Feather-covered? There's a big large one, right though? Yes. Which, at this moment, we are going to roll initiative.",Nature
Nature,"feather-covered in its physical form. Feather-covered? There's a big large one, right though? Yes. Which, at this moment, we are going to roll initiative. Can I do a nature check? You can. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I cast Blur before any of that shit. I didn't get to say what I wanted to do. Ugh. That's the worst initiative I am capable of having. I'm just going to keep rolling until I get a better number.",Nature
Nature,"roll initiative. Can I do a nature check? You can. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I cast Blur before any of that shit. I didn't get to say what I wanted to do. Ugh. That's the worst initiative I am capable of having. I'm just going to keep rolling until I get a better number. Do I do a nature roll first or should I do an initiative roll first? Wow. Sweet.",Nature
Acrobatics,"19... plus three. So the griffon, all of a sudden, there's this giant, shimmering Bigby's Hand. As you reach out, this gargantuan version of a Scanlan fist comes rocketing through the sky, the fingers unraveling, clutching the griffon. Its wings seemingly pulled up and crunched for a second as it is suddenly (shft) lifted. Its rider who is holding on to the reins in the front is now dangling, and going to attempt to try and hold on... and rolls a three. (cheering) The rider immediately plummets, falls right towards the edge of the ship. Hits the railing. Breaks his back.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"opening and jamming in with your blades. And as a bonus action I want to take my hand under Trinket's ears and go, wooga-wooga-wooga-wooga. (laughs) Trinket goes (bear noises) and rubs into them. Would you mind healing him? He's low on health. Such a glass half empty girl. The griffon is going to take its turn. 40. It's going to swoop down towards Keyleth. It's going to attempt to grapple you. I go, Hey friend! Go ahead and make either an acrobatics or",Athletics
Acrobatics,"I don't feel so good. Take a healing potion! Does a fly-by here with its movement. Its rider, who's currently clutching a spear-type object, flings it down at the blue crystal. As it slams into the crystal, there's a spark of energy and the blue crystal seems to wink out of magical energy, its coloration growing dark. The entire ship begins to list to one side. Everyone shifts 15 feet this way. Oh my god. Wait, which way? Oh, we all shift, so okay, we're already against the railing. Yeah, on the stairway. Tiberius, I'm going",Acrobatics
Athletics,"As I see this, I'm going to just hover all the daggers over the prone dude and right over his face to keep him there. All right. Grog. I pull myself back up on the ship. Okay, so that's half your movement, you still have 20 feet of movement. I look up and I see that everyone's got that wyvern taken care of, and I turn my gaze back to that little halfling in front of Vex. I'd like to move to him, please. All right. He is ten feet up, so you're going to have to make a couple-- two athletics checks to leap up towards him in your rage.",Athletics
Athletics,"All right. He is ten feet up, so you're going to have to make a couple-- two athletics checks to leap up towards him in your rage. Two athletics checks. Yes! Okay. 23? All right, and the second one? Yes! Sorry. 19. All right. Like a lumbering barbarian, you get up on the thing and then just Hulk-jump twice, landing next to it, as-- Trembling, raging in the face, I reach and I pick him up by the top of his shirt, give him a sniff, and fucking chuck him off the side of the ship.",Athletics
Athletics,"left is the wyvern, right? Currently. And one little halfling that I've got a rope on. Oh, one you've got a rope on? And is the ship still like ahhh? Still listing, yeah. It's still a little crooked? Yeah, it's still on the side, and it's slowly rotating as there's nobody at the helm. Okay. I, in my air form, I'm going to fly over. I'll go through, and I'm going to use just my air form to lift underneath of the boat and try and stabilize it.",Athletics
Athletics,"entirely, the wing flung off the side of the ship and disappearing in the wind beneath. As it rears back in pain, the second one hits its side, the third one strikes it on the other wing, and as it rears back in pain, its mouth open to the sky in this screeching death-rattle, the final blast hits it under the chin, leaving a gaping hole under its neck as it steps back and then tumbles off the edge of the ship, vanishing below. Attacked the wrong ship. Wait wait wait. Can I catch it as an air elemental and bring it back up? You are under the ship currently, you see the wyvern (whoosh) below. You dive for it. Go",Athletics
Intimidation,"He's in New Jersey. Last time I spoke, I was by Keyleth. I'm just following her lead. Are you okay health-wise? I'm all right. Been better, I've been worse. So you went over to the halfling. What do you want to do? I would like to pick him up, not chuck him, but pick him up and hold him ever-so-gently over the side and say, My, my, it does seem like a long way down. What the fuck are you doing attacking this ship? As he says that, I hover the daggers.",Intimidation
Insight,"friend who asked you a rather polite question. ""What was the question again?"" You know, my hands are so sweaty, I'm afraid you'll slip if you don't tell me what you were doing attacking this ship. ""We live in an island below. We usually just hit ships that come through this channel, this ""pass. Pirating, if you will. Take money, things that we can, and run. Usually it's just quick hits ""and go. We couldn't pass up the opportunity. We managed to acquire a few things to help, and we've ""only harried one other skyship. Once we saw you, we knew there had to be some sort of riches ""involved.""",Persuasion
Persuasion,"I have a Ring of Protection plus two, and a Belt of Dwarven- What is that? What does that do? It gives you a plus two bonus to AC and saving throws while wearing this ring. I need that. And then I also have the Belt of Dwarvenkind. Did you say the most amazing thing about it? The Belt of Dwarvenkind? Yeah. Yeah, you guys remember this? It gives you a plus two to your constitution modifier. You have",Persuasion
Perception,"You guys have exited Gilmore's at this time. Are we standing out on the street divvying up random items? Yes. You guys are essentially in the middle of the thoroughfare in Abadar's Promenade of Emon, bickering over the items you guys are distributing amongst yourselves in broad daylight. Well I've got a beautiful pearl, so I'm happy. I've got a book! Are there any shady characters making eyes at our goods?",Persuasion
Perception,"time. Are we standing out on the street divvying up random items? Yes. You guys are essentially in the middle of the thoroughfare in Abadar's Promenade of Emon, bickering over the items you guys are distributing amongst yourselves in broad daylight. Well I've got a beautiful pearl, so I'm happy. I've got a book! Are there any shady characters making eyes at our goods? Make a perception check.",Insight
Insight,"That's a good one. Oh. 21. Oh... Right. Oh! (laughs) No, as soon as you procure it, he leans forward and snatches it gingerly from your fingers and looks it over in his eyes. ""Ooh! This is a fine piece."" (whispering) It's super-duper flawless 'cause you put it in the Wheel. ""For trade?"" Just tell me how much it's worth first. ""This gem would probably run you anywhere from 200 to 300 gold."" Do I sense that he's lying?",Insight
Investigation,"now. The other half when the enchantment is ""complete."" (quietly) That is insane. We didn't buy it for that much, did we? They haggled it down a little bit. We tossed it in with a deal and stuff. Stuff's expensive, man. Stuff is expensive. I'll chill for now. ""Very well. Come back if you change your mind."" I will. Wait, did I find a book? Right. We'll get to that now. Roll an",Investigation
Investigation,"He gave you a look like, ""Hm."" Like, maybe? Okay. It's tough to tell. He sort of has that look. Without taking too long on it, I was also hoping, while we're in town. That armor that we stole from the big rhinoceros monster in the duergar castle? Oh, the bulette. Yes. The armor that we took from him. Is there any way I can find a blacksmith that can maybe upgrade Trinket's armor with that? Ooh. That's an interesting thought. All right. Go",Investigation
Persuasion,"talented blacksmith. ""Oh, aye. Depends on what you're looking for. What're you putting in the furnace?"" I have quite an interesting proposition for you. ""I like interesting."" I may have some material you've never worked with, I don't know. Oh, here we go. Would you mind stepping outside for a moment? Get some fresh air? At this point, specifically, she goes from extremely welcoming to a very nervous, untrusting look. Believe me, you'll want to see this.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"""Well, you're providing the materials. That definitely cuts the cost significantly. For my ""time and work, and lack of sleep--"" And we will send many, many customers your way. ""Can I put my personal brand on this?"" Of course. Wait-- ""Well, then."" You're not there. (whispering) Trinket isn't sponsored, it's just fucking us. Okay. ""500 gold suffice?"" How about 450?",Persuasion
Medicine,"That's a 30? 30 points of healing. As you're saying this and you're stuttering this out, she goes into a singular trance, clutches her holy symbol with one hand, and reaches out and grabs your foot with the other. Her hand almost burns at the touch, something you instinctively pull back on, but her grip is like an iron vice and you cannot release yourself from it. And as she just intensely focuses forward, you can see this glowing divine energy transfer from down her forearm into your foot. Fear reaches you suddenly because you don't understand the divine, and though you've seen some crazy things, this is a little worrying. You've seen some shit. I want you",Medicine
Persuasion,"knock the doors open and as loud as I can, go, Listen up! I want to know if anyone has seen any goliaths wandering around these parts. Aside from me. Do you wish to do this via conversational persuasion or through intimidation? Because there are two ways you can go with this, Grog. And you're wearing the belt that makes you extra persuasive. Only with dwarves. Persuasive... yeah, well, maybe there's some dwarves hanging about. There might be some dwarves! So how are you doing this? Okay, make a",Persuasion
Intimidation,"Dude. You've got to check your balanced dice, man. All right. So as you burst in and shout this to the group, everyone stops and turns and looks... and then goes right back to drinking and their conversation. There appears to be no immediate reaction. Can I jump up-- I jump up on a table and I say, Listen, you motherfuckers, my friend just asked you a fucking question, now fucking answer him or I'm going to kill every last motherfucking one of you! I'd listen to him, he means it. Can you do that?",Intimidation
Nature,"All right. So let's go. Let's go to the Council. Are you proficient in herbalism? Huh? Are you proficient in herbalism? Or medicine I guess it would be now, sorry. Herbalism is, sorry, that's old systems. I mean, I'm proficient in nature. We'll say nature, it'd be nature. I've run too many systems. Too many games. So we'll say, are you proficient in nature? Yeah. Druid, yo. So you double your proficiency bonus on any",Nature
Perception,"wings-- it looks dragon-like in its physicality but it's smaller than any dragon you've encountered. It's flapping giant wings and lets out a screech as it takes off, but it looks like there's something on its back. What? You see two to three more of these now starting to divebomb. It's Daenerys! You can see the rest of the deckhands are up there now, with weapons ready, and are starting to fight some of these off. Can we use any kind of perception to see if the things on them are controlling them?",Perception
Nature,"that even in this low-light circumstance, there appear to be on three of these winged, dragon-like creatures smallish, humanoid entities that are on small, almost leather strapped saddles that are put on the sides of this creature. They're clutching onto it and each one is carrying some sort of large, spear-like weapon. There is a fourth one in the distance that does not appear to be dragonoid. This one appears to be feather-covered in its physical form. Feather-covered? There's a big large one, right though? Yes. Which, at this moment, we are going to roll initiative.",Nature
Nature,"feather-covered in its physical form. Feather-covered? There's a big large one, right though? Yes. Which, at this moment, we are going to roll initiative. Can I do a nature check? You can. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I cast Blur before any of that shit. I didn't get to say what I wanted to do. Ugh. That's the worst initiative I am capable of having. I'm just going to keep rolling until I get a better number.",Nature
Nature,"roll initiative. Can I do a nature check? You can. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I cast Blur before any of that shit. I didn't get to say what I wanted to do. Ugh. That's the worst initiative I am capable of having. I'm just going to keep rolling until I get a better number. Do I do a nature roll first or should I do an initiative roll first? Wow. Sweet.",Nature
Acrobatics,"19... plus three. So the griffon, all of a sudden, there's this giant, shimmering Bigby's Hand. As you reach out, this gargantuan version of a Scanlan fist comes rocketing through the sky, the fingers unraveling, clutching the griffon. Its wings seemingly pulled up and crunched for a second as it is suddenly (shft) lifted. Its rider who is holding on to the reins in the front is now dangling, and going to attempt to try and hold on... and rolls a three. (cheering) The rider immediately plummets, falls right towards the edge of the ship. Hits the railing. Breaks his back.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"opening and jamming in with your blades. And as a bonus action I want to take my hand under Trinket's ears and go, wooga-wooga-wooga-wooga. (laughs) Trinket goes (bear noises) and rubs into them. Would you mind healing him? He's low on health. Such a glass half empty girl. The griffon is going to take its turn. 40. It's going to swoop down towards Keyleth. It's going to attempt to grapple you. I go, Hey friend! Go ahead and make either an acrobatics or",Athletics
Acrobatics,"I don't feel so good. Take a healing potion! Does a fly-by here with its movement. Its rider, who's currently clutching a spear-type object, flings it down at the blue crystal. As it slams into the crystal, there's a spark of energy and the blue crystal seems to wink out of magical energy, its coloration growing dark. The entire ship begins to list to one side. Everyone shifts 15 feet this way. Oh my god. Wait, which way? Oh, we all shift, so okay, we're already against the railing. Yeah, on the stairway. Tiberius, I'm going",Acrobatics
Athletics,"As I see this, I'm going to just hover all the daggers over the prone dude and right over his face to keep him there. All right. Grog. I pull myself back up on the ship. Okay, so that's half your movement, you still have 20 feet of movement. I look up and I see that everyone's got that wyvern taken care of, and I turn my gaze back to that little halfling in front of Vex. I'd like to move to him, please. All right. He is ten feet up, so you're going to have to make a couple-- two athletics checks to leap up towards him in your rage.",Athletics
Athletics,"All right. He is ten feet up, so you're going to have to make a couple-- two athletics checks to leap up towards him in your rage. Two athletics checks. Yes! Okay. 23? All right, and the second one? Yes! Sorry. 19. All right. Like a lumbering barbarian, you get up on the thing and then just Hulk-jump twice, landing next to it, as-- Trembling, raging in the face, I reach and I pick him up by the top of his shirt, give him a sniff, and fucking chuck him off the side of the ship.",Athletics
Athletics,"left is the wyvern, right? Currently. And one little halfling that I've got a rope on. Oh, one you've got a rope on? And is the ship still like ahhh? Still listing, yeah. It's still a little crooked? Yeah, it's still on the side, and it's slowly rotating as there's nobody at the helm. Okay. I, in my air form, I'm going to fly over. I'll go through, and I'm going to use just my air form to lift underneath of the boat and try and stabilize it.",Athletics
Athletics,"entirely, the wing flung off the side of the ship and disappearing in the wind beneath. As it rears back in pain, the second one hits its side, the third one strikes it on the other wing, and as it rears back in pain, its mouth open to the sky in this screeching death-rattle, the final blast hits it under the chin, leaving a gaping hole under its neck as it steps back and then tumbles off the edge of the ship, vanishing below. Attacked the wrong ship. Wait wait wait. Can I catch it as an air elemental and bring it back up? You are under the ship currently, you see the wyvern (whoosh) below. You dive for it. Go",Athletics
Intimidation,"He's in New Jersey. Last time I spoke, I was by Keyleth. I'm just following her lead. Are you okay health-wise? I'm all right. Been better, I've been worse. So you went over to the halfling. What do you want to do? I would like to pick him up, not chuck him, but pick him up and hold him ever-so-gently over the side and say, My, my, it does seem like a long way down. What the fuck are you doing attacking this ship? As he says that, I hover the daggers.",Intimidation
Insight,"friend who asked you a rather polite question. ""What was the question again?"" You know, my hands are so sweaty, I'm afraid you'll slip if you don't tell me what you were doing attacking this ship. ""We live in an island below. We usually just hit ships that come through this channel, this ""pass. Pirating, if you will. Take money, things that we can, and run. Usually it's just quick hits ""and go. We couldn't pass up the opportunity. We managed to acquire a few things to help, and we've ""only harried one other skyship. Once we saw you, we knew there had to be some sort of riches ""involved.""",Persuasion
Nature,"whatever-- I think it looks good on you, Grog. Thank you! I wave my head and it whips around. (sings) I whip my beard back and forth. (sings) I whip my beard back and forth. It stays taut on your chin. All right, so as you reach the middle of the sixth day of travel, the sky, which up to this point had been fairly sunny and clear, begins to slowly cloud over. The weather grows more gray, and the clouds themselves seem to cluster more into-- I wouldn't say a stormfront, but definitely a more gloomy atmosphere.",Nature
Insight,"get dropped off the sides. They start bringing what looks to be some sort of a haphazard crane also, in preparation for Trinket to be lowered off the ship. You can see, there's a look of-- I can't describe it better than anxiousness to Kima. She says, ""If you have any questions about the city, just speak up and I'll do my best."" Where do we take the Horn? (laughs) That's a good question. (laughter) ""I believe--"" And she looks over the edge of the ship. ""I believe our escorts will be happy to ""guide us."" Our escorts?",Insight
Insight,"well. I have a beard. (laughter) He gives you the most curious look of all, which is hard to follow off of Scanlan over here. ""And I'm to understand these are the bearers of the artifact?"" Kima gives a nod. ""Yes, and I think ""we should be on our way quickly."" ""Yes, yes, of course. Please. These are our escorts. Follow ""suit. We will bring you onward to the Platinum Sanctuary proper to dispose of this thing."" How far is the Platinum Sanctuary? ""No more than a 25-minute walk."" Oh.",Persuasion
Insight,"How far is the Platinum Sanctuary? ""No more than a 25-minute walk."" Oh. May I insight-check Yonn? You may. Yes, please. Oh, so-- I'm going to look for any temples that might have a sigil inside while we're going through the town. All right. Do you want to ask around about that? I'll ask the Yonn guy. Okay. Well, first off, you finish your",Insight
Stealth,"I'll snick to the rooftops and try to follow along, sniper eye. Okay. Yeah, you two up top. I'll just stay right on the path. Yep, you and me. All right. Smash hands. All right, so. I'll take the six. Okay. As you-- I'm gonna stay with it but try to blend in with the crowd. All right, all right. Go ahead and make a",Stealth
Stealth,"Yep, you and me. All right. Smash hands. All right, so. I'll take the six. Okay. As you-- I'm gonna stay with it but try to blend in with the crowd. All right, all right. Go ahead and make a stealth check. Yes. Scanlan? 23 for stealth. All right, ah, if you wouldn't mind, Vex,",Stealth
Perception,"worn away but still barely visible, the symbol of a shield with a dragon head emblazoned on the front of it, the symbol of Bahamut. As the Scalebearer-- yes, that there-- as the Scalebearers approach the front, the doors, on their own, and open to the interior, the grinding sound of stone across the marble flooring of the fortress proper. You can see the interior. Did you have a question? Can I see inside the temple? Or are the temples pretty enclosed? You can see now as the doors begin to open. Well, I was an eagle flying overhead. Oh, yes! You--",Investigation
Perception,"I'm flying! I'm fine. It's a big solid building, doors are shut, that's it? Yeah, I mean, the temple, would you like to enter the temple with the rest of the group? Yeah, you would. Yeah, do it. All right. Yeah. So just as the doors are closing, you rush out of your subtle following pattern and, wait, and put your hands up and manage to make your way into the temple right before the doors close, catching up with the rest of the group. Keyleth,",Perception
Persuasion,"into the face of a spear right there-- (gasps) You should have transformed into a fly. -- as another one of the Platinum Dragon guards says, ""Who goes there?"" Oh boy. Hi. Hi. Another guard begins to approach from the side. I am with Vox Machina. I'm pretty sure they just came through the front door. It's cool. I was just doing-- just like aerial support. I'm just going to go and reconnect with my group. It's fine.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Oh boy. Hi. Hi. Another guard begins to approach from the side. I am with Vox Machina. I'm pretty sure they just came through the front door. It's cool. I was just doing-- just like aerial support. I'm just going to go and reconnect with my group. It's fine. Make a persuasion check. I'm Keyleth. (whispers) Mention the Scalebearer. I'm not good at this shit. You're not there, Grog.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Per party member, yes? ""Entirely. Three thousand gold pieces for your trouble on this journey."" At which Kima steps forward and says, ""Highbearer, we do not need to take money from--"" We don't want money, of course not. I mean, I-- But think of the good we could do with that money, giving alms to the poor back home where we are. Yes, spreading the word of Bahamut where we go. Are we going to return for it? We do a lot of charity work and it would be well-received back home. (under his breath) In our Keep.",Persuasion
Deception,"""Entirely. Three thousand gold pieces for your trouble on this journey."" At which Kima steps forward and says, ""Highbearer, we do not need to take money from--"" We don't want money, of course not. I mean, I-- But think of the good we could do with that money, giving alms to the poor back home where we are. Yes, spreading the word of Bahamut where we go. Are we going to return for it? We do a lot of charity work and it would be well-received back home. (under his breath) In our Keep. You make a persuasion roll. You make a",Persuasion
Perception,"Let's go. Should we go? Let's go through. Let's go before it gets back. Yeah. I start running. Yes, go, run. Hustle, hustle. Go, go, go. Okay. You all start running through. You're running through with them and keeping concentration on your spell. Vax, check for traps! Vorak, Desona, come!",Acrobatics
Perception,"for another 20 feet before it opens up into another room, but there is no light source in there whatsoever. You, with Light on your staff again, you kind of step ahead to-- Do you want to shoot an arrow in? Oh, would you like to see? Yeah, let's do it. Yeah, very good. Light. All right, so as Vex releases her arrow, light bursts forth from the wooden shaft as it arcs across the room. As it does, you can see the room. As compared to the previous one that was square in shape, this one is circular. It is almost a cylinder in its design. Go ahead and make",Perception
Acrobatics,"Everybody stand back. I'm going to click my Boots of Haste-- What? Shouldn't we throw something onto one of the pressure plates first and see what it does? Yeah, me. I'm going to click my Boots of Haste, I'm going to run, I'm going to do a sort of a running roll, land on the closest circle and wait for half a tick and then roll off of it. Are you kidding me?! What are you doing? No, no, let him do it! Let him do it. So as you guys are about to go, ""Wait!"", Vax is already off. Clicks the boots. The arcane magic of the Boots of Haste kick into his body. He leaps",Investigation
Acrobatics,"Yeah, 20. Yeah! So. You barely manage to move out of the way before that circular portion of the ground skyrockets up like a pillar-- one very similar to the one that you created for your spell-- slams into the ceiling with a heavy thud, retracts, and continues again. In fact, looking around you, all of them in the room are now, at different levels, pistoning into the ceiling. (repeated crashing rock noises) This entire room is slowly rotating and there's just a series of pillars mashing into the ceiling. Oh, it's like a mini-game.",Perception
Acrobatics,"You're going to hurt your foot again, Vax. It catches you, takes you off of your balance, and it rockets you towards the ceiling. You manage to pull most of your body out of the way in time, but it still catches the back of your shoulder blade. You take 40 points of crushing damage. Yes! (cackles) Ohhh! Holy shit. As you are slammed into the ceiling. And as the pillar retracts, you roll off with a heavy wheeze of pain. (groan) Catching onto your feet",Acrobatics
Perception,"dodge and leap out of the way, making your way across the room to where the staircase descends, out of the immediate danger. Ah. Jeez. The rest of you now are standing on the opposite side of this room, which is currently a rotating grinding mill. That was great. I'd like to check if there's any kind of device or anything on this side-- Okay, hold on a second, Vax, just chill out for a minute. We all just took a little damage this last time.",Perception
Perception,"out of the immediate danger. Ah. Jeez. The rest of you now are standing on the opposite side of this room, which is currently a rotating grinding mill. That was great. I'd like to check if there's any kind of device or anything on this side-- Okay, hold on a second, Vax, just chill out for a minute. We all just took a little damage this last time. I'm just trying a perception check. He's checking. He's checking.",Perception
Stealth,"clicking. (groaning) I stealth immediately. Oh, that frickin' sound. Do we-- I can try to cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us, if we want to sneak through here. Oh, yeah, that would be good! Do you want to try to sneak through? Yeah, do it. I cast Pass Without a Trace. Now let's vogue. This changes every time! Sweet! All right, so Pass Without a Trace is cast,",Stealth
Stealth,"The grappling arrow I used on the little halfling, I can get that back, right? Yeah, you retrieved it. Just making sure. I'll continue on down the hallway. I join him. Keyleth, are you still using Pass Without a Trace? No. No? She had to break it to use Stoneskin. It's a concentration spell, isn't it? Yeah, but I cast Stoneskin on myself. You did. All right. So go ahead and make a",Stealth
Perception,"actual room. The building in the center, it looks almost like an ancient mausoleum structure, how it's placed in the center of the room. Closed stone doors. But what catches your eye is that the entirety of the structure seems to be crafted of the same platinum-like material as the container that you guys are carrying the horn in. Oh, wow. Oh, we made it. Are there sapphires all over the walls in here, then? Not the walls of the actual chamber itself, just this central building right there. We're not stealing from this place.",Investigation
Stealth,"symbol. Before she touches anything, can I let her know that there's a whole lot of spiders on the other side of the room. You may do that. Wait, what? You didn't tell any of us that. Can I shift to her right flank, just at the corner of the mausoleum structure? Right there. Just so everybody's aware, those things we just fought? There's a ton more of them on the other side of this little chamber. Oh, thanks for telling us. No problem.",Stealth
Stealth,"It is a 20-foot radius. That's not that much. Okay, cool. So you can do this whole area right here is all spiky growth. And it's hard spikes. Hard spikes and thorns. Good to know. Briar. All right, well, I'm going to follow suit and go to the other side and cast Stinking Cloud. No, over-- Over here? Over there, yeah. Our side's the best! (laughter)",Stealth
Acrobatics,"Kima's dead. Kima? The rest of the Scalebearers come rushing out, they're no longer encumbered by the box. Kima's kind of helping everyone get by, trying to keep everyone at bay, being the hero. As she turns around, the first one comes leaping off of the structure, runs towards her and gives one giant sweep with one of its blades. Ooh, yeah, that'll hit. You see the blade streak across the front of her silver armor. She takes 24 points of slashing damage. It sends her flying back ten feet with the sheer force of it, but she manages to roll out of it, yeah! With an",Athletics
Religion,"of the town. As you approach closer to this statue, it's not just a statue. You see it is actually sitting atop what looks to be a large, blocky fortress-like temple. Unlike the Platinum Sanctuary, which is a very beautiful but simple array, this one has a crenellated top to each of these walled structures. You can see braziers blasting flame every 20 or so feet along the top of it. You can see, as you approach the front of this, there are two giant stone doorways with steps that look up to it and what looks to be two gargantuan war horns that spiral along the sides and then open up outward towards the entire city in front of it. I'm going to ask you guys to make",Religion
Stealth,"standing over his body this extremely built, aggressive, looks like another human female with her hair pulled back in a very tight ponytail just spits on his body, turns around and wipes the blood from the front of her face. Snaps her fingers, and you can see folks bring a ladder and lean it over the side and she climbs up the ladder as everyone cheers on her way up. Before we get up to the crowd, I transform into Minxie. I'm going Minxie. And I catch up to Grog. Going Minxie. Oh, they don't like magic. Did they see me? I'm trying to do it stealthily before it happens.",Stealth
Stealth,"Oh, he's already down? Well, Grog, what else do you want to do before you prepare? What do I want to do to prepare? Well, if you haven't gone down yet. The other guy has come down the ladder. I took a drink from the cask of ale-- Wait, I come over to Grog and I just look in his eyes and I say, listen, you've got this, I can't give you anything else, but you've got this, man. And I also very quickly take out my Potion of Fire Giant Strength and I slip it to him before he takes a drink of his ale. I don't know if I hand it to him.",Stealth
Athletics,"pile-drive grapple, and you instinctively kick off of him and his third attack is completely wasted. It's now your go. No one fucks with Phillip Jr. I would like to bull rush and try and tackle him, and if it succeeds, I'd like to headbutt him on the ground. Okay, okay. It's an action to do that, so you can use your bonus action to attempt-- And I would only get two attacks, right? You only get one with this, technically. It's an action to grapple. Okay. Do it. All right.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Six, nice. So as you hold him down, his face, (wham). Head goes, cracks against the ground of the Crucible. As he starts picking his head up again, you drill back again, (wham) hit him a second time. This time, you can see now. His nose was already busted before. Now it's nearly concave. It's like he didn't have a nose before and there's just a bloody void where it once was. He's still smiling in a weird, twisted way. He seems to be enjoying this almost as much as you. You go down for the third one, and this time he reaches up and grabs your elbow. He's going to take his turn to attempt to break your grapple as his action. Go ahead and roll either an athletics",Acrobatics
Deception,"his head into your midsection, picks you up over his head, slams you onto the ground, and as you're on the ground, he runs up and soccer-ball kicks you in the side of your ribs, just (whack). You hear a crack as the impact hits and you can feel that surging, shooting, burning pain begin to fill the side of your torso. It's your go. What else do I have? What can I do? You can throw some dirt in his face! From the stands, I turn to a portly gentleman next to me and I say, sir, do you see what that fucking little elf said about your mother? He called her a name I can't even repeat. I'm so sorry.",Deception
Deception,"Grog. You can see the other bookie, who is dressed similarly in the purplish robes you saw before, also begins to heal our good fighting half-orc friend as he lumps over and takes his sack of coins from him. The clerics of Kord are the ones actually running this, it looks like. You come to in the pit, Grog, beaten, wearied, and fatigued because of your frenzied rage. However, you have been defeated in the Crucible. That was painful. That was so close. I go down and nurse him, nurse his head, hold him, and just tell him, Grog, you won! You did it, buddy!",Perception
Survival,"you with the smell of wet earth, moss. Vines and branches dangle from and reach from every direction, and you can see there are, you can walk through the path here, but nearing trees themselves, the roots are so large and so twisted where they enter the ground. You're definitely going to have to keep up with your ranger friend here. Just like the old days. Now we've touched down and we're traveling? You guys are in the forest pushing through various walkways. Go ahead and make a survival check with advantage.",Survival
Investigation,"turned its path about and then exited the same pathway. So as you're following it along for a good 15 minutes or so, you come across a small opening in the forest where you can see what looks to be a very messily partially devoured carcass of something. Is it big? It looks like it was pretty big, it's definitely spread out over this area. I think it ate something here, you guys. Good ranging. Thank you. I'd like to try and identify the animal that it ate.",Investigation
Nature,"sort of furred beast. Huge in size at one point, it is long-dead for at least-- Like moose-big or bigger? No, as big as some of the umber hulks you've fought. But it looks humanoid-ish, more primate-like. The more you look at it, it looks like it may have been at one point a large, massive ape of some kind. But it has been torn open, limbs scattered all across this small clearing. You can see there are a series of bite and scratch marks across it, and most of its internal organs are missing. I don't know what we're tracking, but I think it's friendly.",Nature
Perception,"creature, appear to be post-mortem by quite some time. So it was killed by civilized folks and then torn apart by this thing. Maybe the Slayer's Take. Can I figure out what kind, was it some bird creature? Is all Percy could-- Ape creature. It's essentially a massive, for lack of a better term, a dire-sized ape. Dire-ape. It's possible somebody was feeding it. Should we continue on, keep tracking? My sister and I are going to check and see if there's any sign of it in the area.",Perception
Perception,"of inspiration. (singing) And the ranger's going to range, range, range, range, range. And the tracker's going to track, track, track, track, track. I'm just going to watch, watch, watch, watch, watch. Watch her range. (singing) Watch her range. What do I need to add? A d10. Okay, so 19. Oh good. Three points. All right. You continue moving forward off the track for another ten minutes or so before you see some movement ahead. Perception?",Perception
Stealth,"All right. You continue moving forward off the track for another ten minutes or so before you see some movement ahead. Perception? Perception check. I'll join in that. 21. 12. 18. How far away are we from each other? You guys are keeping a pretty close view, you're a little behind them, but you're letting them push forward unless you choose to do anything otherwise. I'm going stealth.",Perception
Stealth,"Is the foliage around us green? Brown? Standard foliage color? In this area, because of the nature of the rich earth, most of the foliage here is a deep green. I'm going to turn us all deep green. With Seeming. With what now? Seeming. Yes with Seeming. I spread my Seeming all over us, turning us green. With Seeming all over us. There's nothing you can't ruin. As the hue of your garments begin to shift to the color of the surrounding forest, I'd like",Stealth
Athletics,"regular attack through the magical bow of fire. And that is 17. Hail of Thorns is an action to cast, though, isn't it? You've already used your bonus action to cast Hunter's Mark. Then never mind, I don't do anything. I just fucking fucked that up. It's okay, it's a surprise round. Do you want to do anything with your self-placement or Trinket-wise? Yeah, I want to climb a tree that I'm next to. Okay. Using your movement. Go ahead and make, we'll say an",Athletics
Arcana,"my ring and Chain Lightning him again. Chain Lightning is a 6th-level spell. Yeah, I know, and I had one stored in my ring. Your ring can only store up to a 3rd-level spell. We went over this last time. It's okay. No, I thought that was the Ioun Stone. We all learned something today, kids. I don't do that. Instead, fine. I'm going to cast Telekinesis once. And I'm instantly going to do quicken spell and do five sorcerer points to cast it immediately again. Cast it on one head and another head and (bashing, tying sounds). To try and wrap them all and choke them.",Arcana
Investigation,"(laughter) Just make a canister, put some black powder in there, put the thing together. It doesn't even have a fuse, it's something I can toss and shoot to trigger. Ooh. Interesting. I will say, due to time constraints, you would probably have to skip a decent breakfast to do this. So, be aware you may be hungry later on. I've got food. Done We've got dried food rations in the bag. I'll have a granola bar.",Persuasion
Insight,"I do. Oh. How fascinating. I am Grog, the unintimidated. It's nice to know your true name Phillip-- I mean Grog. (whispered) I think she knows. I would like to run a quick perception test. What are you trying to do? I'm trying to figure out if she's titled. She certainly strikes me as titled. I think she has blood. She may not have blue blood but-- (whispers) She's got blood.",Insight
Insight,"Oh. How fascinating. I am Grog, the unintimidated. It's nice to know your true name Phillip-- I mean Grog. (whispered) I think she knows. I would like to run a quick perception test. What are you trying to do? I'm trying to figure out if she's titled. She certainly strikes me as titled. I think she has blood. She may not have blue blood but-- (whispers) She's got blood. This would be more of an insight check.",Insight
Investigation,"you sense that there is worship of Melora here. Melora which is considered the goddess of wilderness and the sea and is one of the five-- soon to be six if Pike's temple raises-- deities that essentially rule the belief system and lifestyle of the city of Vasselheim. So through the blessing and touch of Melora in this district they are able to treat the land as magically fertile territory to grow. You gather upon stepping inside that there's a cluster of dirty looking, but very, very cluttered and busy taverns, inns and general stores, like the entire portion of the district that isn't farmland is jammed into this one little corner. Go ahead and",Perception
Perception,"previously. He is eager to tell the story and is in full belief. The frustration, and the only things that detract from his child-like excitement at telling this tale, is his moments of side looking frustration to the other members of the tavern that do not take him seriously, it seems. Dagon does seem to be truthful in, at least, believing what he is saying to you. Thank you so much for your information-- I take a gold coin and I'm just like, is this enough? Yes, that's good. Thank you. So we-- we'll be going. Yeah? Can I perception and see how heavy that bag of gold actually looks? I just want to know.",Persuasion
Athletics,"Keyleth would be proud. Don't-- how about don't tell Keyleth? I miss my brother. Okay. You guys get off of the main road, as that's probably not a very good area to be out in the open. You find, after about a five to ten minute walk, a small opening and along the way you find a tree that looks viable. There's a small slope of hill that heads up to an upper platform area maybe about five to ten feet up, and a small opening that you think would be a fitting place to put a fire that wouldn't be in danger of setting the nearby vegetation aflame. You go ahead and start looking for firewood. Go ahead and make an",Athletics
Perception,"Wake up, Grog. What? Mom? (screams and flails) Ugh. Grog. Sorry. Is he always this loud? Yes. All right. All right, keep sleeping! (whispers) I mean, keep sleeping. You're safe while I'm out. Aldor! What? Huh? (laughter) As the rest of you maintain or continue your sleep. Grog keeps a very watchful eye in the darkened woods around. Grog, go ahead and",Perception
Intimidation,"After the Hammer, orcs are nothing. So, the first strike you slam into his upper torso area and it actually digs about four or five inches in. He reaches up and grabs-- drops his weapon and grabs the axe and tries to pull it out of his body. You, however, reach up with your fist and slam it down on the axe shoving it about five or six more inches. You can see his actual shoulder and arm fall away from his torso as his eyes roll back and he falls limp against the blade. With my third attack, I'd like to turn to his friend, grab him by the throat and go-- It's death, or target practice for my friends. Talk.",Athletics
Persuasion,"fate and the rather rapid destruction of its entire band-- (speaks Orcish) Anyone here speak Orcish? I speak Orc. So, my friend-- What did he say? What did he say? You hear him say, ""Death may come, but the rest will find you. You come into our wood. It's ""only a matter of time before you're eaten."" Tell him we're just passing through. We are simply passing through. We are in search of something. If you choose to help us, we may let you live. Yeah, 'may'. And it is not one of yours.",Persuasion
Insight,"good as Keyleth's Giant. Almost. Almost. You can see a look of fear and his eyes dart about the rest of the party as they all begin stepping out of the firelight and into the darkness surrounding him. He gauges the scenario. Looks down at the dead dire wolf. He gives you another look and you still have the flaring blaze of your angry Thaumaturgy eyes. He says in Common, very broken Common-- ""Very well. I live. I serve."" You can see his blood now trickling down to the corner of his mouth. What, is he going to fight with us? Can I see if he's truthful? Insight?",Insight
Nature,"Just the tongue? Like that yes, yes. I rip the tongue out of the head. That's a good idea, Vex. Do we need the pelt of the dire wolf? I put the orc tongue in the bag of holding. And the orc head. Both. Just asking. All right. With the lip, now we-- you're slowly-- The lip is in my belt, baby. And I would like to extract the canines from the dire wolf. From the dire wolf, all right. I would like",Nature
Nature,"holding. And the orc head. Both. Just asking. All right. With the lip, now we-- you're slowly-- The lip is in my belt, baby. And I would like to extract the canines from the dire wolf. From the dire wolf, all right. I would like you to go ahead and make a nature check. What's that? That's to attempt to harvest the creature's canines. What's that? Sorry? Sorry, what do I do?",Nature
Perception,"group. Thankfully, though, you have Vex guiding you on this path and where it would be a very difficult experience pushing through this forest, especially with the time limit you have, she is able to find the quickest paths to dodge any of the heavy areas that are dense with dangerous snowfall. I would also like to perception ahead and make sure that nothing is going to sneak attack us again. Understood, understood. Very good call. All right. In that regard, I would like you",Perception
Stealth,"manage to avoid what looks like a long frozen lake in the center of the forest with a series of heavily iced-over stone ruins. Don't walk on this lake. Oh, good call, good call. You move around and in the distance you swear you see the glimmer of some glowing entity in the midst of these ruins and you manage to keep enough of a distance. Everyone make a stealth check on this. So roll a d20 and add your stealth bonus. Add it, or take away? Because it's negative. For you it'd be taking away from your",Stealth
Religion,"13. 24. 11. All right, so. Though clumsy in form, the group is able to pull you far enough away where they cover your bases on this, and this glowing entity doesn't seem to take notice of your passage as it slowly fades into the stone ruins once again. You press on towards the mountain-- Should we go check that glowing entity out? What was it? Do I-- oh, do I know? I have an arcana, or would it be nature, or? For this, I would say go ahead and make a",Religion
Perception,"This is very much like home for me. Do we see any-- anything along the bottom, the edge of the mountain that looks like it could open into a cavern of some sort? There are a number of large rocks and boulders that seem to have tumbled off the mountain and embedded themselves in the ground in sections. You do see what looks to be a cavern of some kind that is in the-- at the base of this mountain, it's about 20, 25 feet high and about 35 feet wide. Should we maybe go in? Does it look like we can climb the mountain, or is it just too sheer?",Investigation
Persuasion,"That is the end of my turn. Yeah. I am now going, maybe I shouldn't have done that. (laughter) It was very impressive. It was very impressive. All right, Grog's up first. (Grog voice) Grog-- (Grog voice) Would like-- (Grog voice) No, Grog doesn't want to Rage! Grog shouts out in Giant, wait! My giant masters were killed by a white dragon, which we think is here. Will you help us fight him? Okay. So as Grog stands there, shouting this out to both sides to the two giants, I want to",Persuasion
Persuasion,"wasn't it? The duergar king you fought in the Underdark. I have a question. So I rolled to get my health back and I got more hit points than I had before-- You can't go more than your maximum. You're at full hit points now. I want to borrow Grog for just a second and ask these two if they've encountered the dragon before, and what its disposition is. Anything we should know. I want you to go ahead, and I will say through Grog-- this is going to be interesting. Since Grog is translating, I'm going to go ahead",Persuasion
Persuasion,"minds Yes. Your people have been persecuted for so long, and you have lost so many of the female version of you, and your children, and you serve them now. Do you want to live as slaves? ""We want to live."" So to live as a slave is better than-- ""To not live at all?"" We are offering you the opportunity to stop your servitude. To end it forever. (grunts) They keep walking What? We'll see how this plays out. This is a process here. You guys heavily failed some early",Persuasion
Perception,"of what you have done. Pick and choose your words very carefully. Zahra sheds a tear, which freezes instantly on her face, and her internal flame melts it off. That's pretty badass. As you continue to walk, you can see the center of this village is completely in tatters. A lot of the wood and the dried brush and the furs and thick leathers that these giants had gathered and constructed their civilization out of is all just shattered and rended to the floor and then frozen over, left in this weird picturesque, almost a tapestry. A frozen moment in time of utter desolation. Actually, I want you to all to",Investigation
History,"one thing that catches your mind before the spell ends is the name that it finally came upon itself, the name that it heard whispered as one of its would-be hunters was suddenly-- Jeff. (laughter) Jeff the dragon. The name Rimefang rings through your mind. His name is Rimefang. The two frost giants stop their walking and turn. ""Rimefang."" They nod and look up to the giant structure they constructed. Oh wow! Can I make a history to sww if I know anyone in the guild who has been named Rimefang?",History
History,"Make a history check on this. It's a 21. Okay, Rimefang, you gather, is the name of the dragon proper. And there's another drink for you guys out there. They made fun of me for using the word proper. Drink! This dragon took the name Rimefang. Because in a lot of dragons as they evolve and begin to really create a lair, they really make themselves known publicly and really draw the fear out once they feel they're in a comfortable position. You feel this dragon is just starting to get to that point where it's eager to drive fear into the",History
Perception,"make their way through this cavern structure. So you are the small beads of visual lightness in the entire structure. The floor itself is slick, and there are bits of rough rock that you can find foot purchase but there are a few moments where some of you slip and you lose about ten feet and then catch yourself and have to move upward with this slight 35-degree incline, slowly spiraling upward. You push forward for about 30 minutes or so in this long, seemingly-- for lack of a better term, there isn't a lot of changed variation to it  it's just a gradual spiral in itself. I want to keep perception out to make sure that nothing is ahead of us.",Perception
Insight,"Not happy. No. He is full of bile and vitriol, and he likes to be worshiped. We could pretend to be worshiping him. But he'll still want to eat us. But yes, we could do that. I mean, he didn't eat these two guys! It might be something to think about. At least to get close to him. Before we spring an attack, yes. Go ahead and make an intelligence check. With advantage because it's pertaining to dragons? (laughs) She's a stickler.",Insight
Perception,"Gee, I had a spell that would be useful, but it's not ready. Thanks for that update. I'm just being honest. I could've lied, said that I totally prepared that spell, but I could've been knowing Giant the whole time, so I just. (laughs) Oops. If anybody falls, I can make them fall gently. That's on the list. Oh, that's good. Is that Feather Fall? Nice. Okay, I perceive some more and see if I see any traps ahead of us the whole time. All right. You go ahead and make a",Investigation
Stealth,"Oh, come on, giants. Help us out. So as you guys enter the chamber, the actual air here is more still and cold than at any point of the interior of the cavern has been. Even breathing inward hurts in itself as the freezing air hits your lungs. Rimefang sits there, perched on top of this central platform, grinning down towards the rest of the group. You, who have shouted this out, Lyra, about having an offering. Rimefang immediately leans forward. ""An offering, you say?"" I want to make my way further up. While he's talking, I want to make my way along the wall a little.",Stealth
Persuasion,"And then you put it back in the bag. And then you give it to him. There's this low, guttural snarl (snarls). It leans forward, sneaking down off the perch a little bit. Its head moves forward and stretches outward, no more than maybe ten feet from your face. You can see it inspecting the diamond as you're holding it by the Mage Hand, floating above the rest of the bag. Chuckles to itself. (chuckles) ""This is your measly offering?"" There is a diamond of much greater size and value in this pouch. But first, we want to hear that you are going to allow us safe passage out of here before we turn it over to you.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"There is a diamond of much greater size and value in this pouch. But first, we want to hear that you are going to allow us safe passage out of here before we turn it over to you. Persuasion check. Guys, just so you know, the stream's buffering, so hold. Twitch problems. Oh no. Hold for buffer. Do we know at what point it started buffering? You're back up. Missing the last two sentences. Buffer over. Please allow us safe passage. And then you",Persuasion
Persuasion,"""timberland. Well. Parts of you shall adorn my walls, glittering in pieces for times to come. ""Giants. To my side! Tonight, you choose whether I dine on you or just them."" I use-- fuck me. (laughter) I don't know if you have that spell. Really, what's the DC on that? It's very high! I use Awakened Mind to once more say, now we have seen what you have been through. We see the terror that you face every day from this awful beast. This is your chance. You may not have another. Fight him with us and destroy this beast forever.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"walls, glittering in pieces for times to come. ""Giants. To my side! Tonight, you choose whether I dine on you or just them."" I use-- fuck me. (laughter) I don't know if you have that spell. Really, what's the DC on that? It's very high! I use Awakened Mind to once more say, now we have seen what you have been through. We see the terror that you face every day from this awful beast. This is your chance. You may not have another. Fight him with us and destroy this beast forever. Make a persuasion check versus the dragon's",Persuasion
Athletics,"So you're at 19 hit points and you're conscious now, the wounds seal up. You've still failed two death saving throws. They're gone until the end of the battle. Can I do anything else after I've poured it into his-- can I do anything else? You have a bonus action. Can I throw him the fuck away from the dragon? Pick him up and chuck him towards Lyra? I'll say because you're frenzied raged, normally you would get an additional attack. I will say you can use that. And I won't throw. I'll slide him on the icy floor towards Lyra.",Athletics
Nature,"thing? Gather up all of the shit we have to take and put it in the bag of stuff. That would be: two white dragon eyes, one white dragon tongue, one white dragon heart, six white dragon claws, and 20 white dragon teeth. Who's harvesting this? You have the bag. It's nature. Who has good animal handling? Wait, we have to harvest it special? Part of harvesting the organs from the creature is a delicate process.",Nature
Nature,"Gather up all of the shit we have to take and put it in the bag of stuff. That would be: two white dragon eyes, one white dragon tongue, one white dragon heart, six white dragon claws, and 20 white dragon teeth. Who's harvesting this? You have the bag. It's nature. Who has good animal handling? Wait, we have to harvest it special? Part of harvesting the organs from the creature is a delicate process. Is it nature? What is it a check for?",Nature
Nature,"He was a white dragon! Or wait, are you sure it wasn't the blue dragon that we harvested? No, it was a white dragon, we have 37 left over. Okay. We have 37 dragon teeth from the first white dragon. Can I also get-- if there's any powder left or anything, for myself, I would like to-- Claws, still. We have to get claws still. I know, but if it's on the ground, and it's in front of me, I would just like to put it in my little bag, to have it for my own spellcasting.",Nature
Nature,"Or wait, are you sure it wasn't the blue dragon that we harvested? No, it was a white dragon, we have 37 left over. Okay. We have 37 dragon teeth from the first white dragon. Can I also get-- if there's any powder left or anything, for myself, I would like to-- Claws, still. We have to get claws still. I know, but if it's on the ground, and it's in front of me, I would just like to put it in my little bag, to have it for my own spellcasting. Okay, go ahead and make a nature roll for",Nature
Perception,"about 25 pounds of dragon scales. Mind you, the scales are heavy and they're about that big each. It would be enough if you were to bring it to a master craftsman, to possibly construct a set of armor from them. That's why we have so many pounds of dragon scales from the previous dragons! We could make three sets of armor right now. I'm going to look around and just see if there's a stash or a hoard that he was gathering. All right, there are individual gold pieces embedded all through. It would take you weeks to chisel it all from the walls. Are there any giant gems that we can see?",Persuasion
Perception,"4,244 gold pieces. A cluster of gems worth around 850 gold. A singular diamond. It's about that large. It's actually a little bit smaller than the other one you have, but it's worth anywhere in the neighborhood of 1,200 gold pieces. You also manage to find a pair of leather gloves with almost gold trim around each one of the joints. You find what looks like a small leather cap that you pull over the head, that a peasant would wear, and what looks to be one glass vial containing an indeterminate liquid. What is the color of the liquid? From what you can look at the color, it's like a purplish-blue.",Persuasion
Perception,"that large. It's actually a little bit smaller than the other one you have, but it's worth anywhere in the neighborhood of 1,200 gold pieces. You also manage to find a pair of leather gloves with almost gold trim around each one of the joints. You find what looks like a small leather cap that you pull over the head, that a peasant would wear, and what looks to be one glass vial containing an indeterminate liquid. What is the color of the liquid? From what you can look at the color, it's like a purplish-blue. Can anybody do a perception check on magical liquid?",Investigation
Perception,"anywhere in the neighborhood of 1,200 gold pieces. You also manage to find a pair of leather gloves with almost gold trim around each one of the joints. You find what looks like a small leather cap that you pull over the head, that a peasant would wear, and what looks to be one glass vial containing an indeterminate liquid. What is the color of the liquid? From what you can look at the color, it's like a purplish-blue. Can anybody do a perception check on magical liquid? I would like to perception check the leather hat.",Investigation
Arcana,"pieces. You also manage to find a pair of leather gloves with almost gold trim around each one of the joints. You find what looks like a small leather cap that you pull over the head, that a peasant would wear, and what looks to be one glass vial containing an indeterminate liquid. What is the color of the liquid? From what you can look at the color, it's like a purplish-blue. Can anybody do a perception check on magical liquid? I would like to perception check the leather hat. Make a perception check.",Investigation
Arcana,"What is the color of the liquid? From what you can look at the color, it's like a purplish-blue. Can anybody do a perception check on magical liquid? I would like to perception check the leather hat. Make a perception check. Can anybody do an arcana check on the leather hat? Oh. Do you have Detect Magic? 16! Or Identify spell? No. I thought about them.",Arcana
Arcana,"is bitten off and shattered. Part of the body is ruined. The bow is broken and destroyed, but there is a quiver on its back. Within the quiver, you see most of the arrows are frozen solid within the quiver, but there is one that seems unaffected by the ice. Can I tell what it is? You pull out the arrow. It appears to be a deep forest green, and the actual shaft of the arrow has a texture to it, almost a rough metallic texture. Take it! I'm taking it! Are you kidding me? If you wish to bring those over to Lyra.",Investigation
History,"hits the table and the wood cracks a little bit beneath it from the impact. And you can see, the ice is starting to melt a bit on the exterior. Careful, it needs to be preserved. She gives a nod. ""Very well. Mertin, please, provide these for transport to the contract ""client."" Can we ask who actually contracted it? ""It's written on the contract itself."" Oh, that's right. I'm so sorry. Percy has the contract, currently. I do. Ozwyn Grud? Grundle? Alchemist Ozwyn Grud.",History
History,"She gives a nod. ""Very well. Mertin, please, provide these for transport to the contract ""client."" Can we ask who actually contracted it? ""It's written on the contract itself."" Oh, that's right. I'm so sorry. Percy has the contract, currently. I do. Ozwyn Grud? Grundle? Alchemist Ozwyn Grud. Make a history check, by the way. May I, as well? 21. 25.",History
Insight,"Oh, I need. I'll take, definitely. Thank you. ""You do not need your money? Well, that will go back to the guild, thank you."" No, she misspoke. She misspoke. I'm so sorry. She completely misspoke. (chuckles) ""Very well."" Tosses the coins. 1,800 each. ""Well done. Congratulations, and I look forward to a very fruitful and profitable future ""together here at the Slayer's Take."" Aye. Scanlan, should we go and make sure that your wounds are completely healed?",Insight
Insight,"go back to the guild, thank you."" No, she misspoke. She misspoke. I'm so sorry. She completely misspoke. (chuckles) ""Very well."" Tosses the coins. 1,800 each. ""Well done. Congratulations, and I look forward to a very fruitful and profitable future ""together here at the Slayer's Take."" Aye. Scanlan, should we go and make sure that your wounds are completely healed? Can we insight check Vanessa really fast? You may. What are you trying to gather? Just to see what kind of person she is.",Insight
Investigation,"on, let me check. As you reach into your Bag of Holding-- I'm thinking really hard. Through the luck of the draw, it seems to be that the last resting place of the flying carpet was within your Bag of Holding. Hold on. Oh here it is. Oh, look at that. We have it. Shut my mouth. I guess I was wrong. Found it. We're good. All right, let's go to the store. I don't really want to drag this out any longer than we have to. And I walk out the door and start going. Okay. What did you roll for your",Investigation
History,"forgiveness. Skip to the punchline. The quarry has been approved for hunting by the Holy Paramours of the Crown of Erathis. The quarry of one rakshasa. What's a rakshasa? Tiger man. Tiger man? Essentially. How do you know that? Storybooks in Syngorn. We need two rakshasa eyes, one rakshasa tongue, one rakshasa heart, two rakshasa claws, and two rakshasa canine teeth. So canine. Would this be an arcana or this be a",Arcana
Arcana,"Skip to the punchline. The quarry has been approved for hunting by the Holy Paramours of the Crown of Erathis. The quarry of one rakshasa. What's a rakshasa? Tiger man. Tiger man? Essentially. How do you know that? Storybooks in Syngorn. We need two rakshasa eyes, one rakshasa tongue, one rakshasa heart, two rakshasa claws, and two rakshasa canine teeth. So canine. Would this be an arcana or this be a history check?",Arcana
Arcana,"The quarry has been approved for hunting by the Holy Paramours of the Crown of Erathis. The quarry of one rakshasa. What's a rakshasa? Tiger man. Tiger man? Essentially. How do you know that? Storybooks in Syngorn. We need two rakshasa eyes, one rakshasa tongue, one rakshasa heart, two rakshasa claws, and two rakshasa canine teeth. So canine. Would this be an arcana or this be a history check? This would be more of an arcana check.",Arcana
Insight,"that might match a certain description, or an individual that you are seeking, any strange behavior. And so you know that the center of the Quad Roads where that bazaar is, is a good place to start requesting information as you have currently none at your disposal. Just to get this clear, a rakshasa's not a beast? It's like a man. It's a demon. It's a demon creature that looks like a man. But it's not a beast, by definition? No.",Insight
Insight,"to start requesting information as you have currently none at your disposal. Just to get this clear, a rakshasa's not a beast? It's like a man. It's a demon. It's a demon creature that looks like a man. But it's not a beast, by definition? No. I'm sorry. I'd like to make an insight check on the dwarf, not to see if he is lying, but he could be. Can I get a gut instinct into what his deal is?",Insight
Perception,"a little out the ordinary, or maybe, in the ordinary. Yes, I like that phrasing. Have to imagine anywhere this thing goes, there's going to be strange deaths associated with it. We might as well look there. That's actually a good idea, as well. And where we're walking, are there shops and stands, as well, or is it residential? There are many that sell jewelry, many that sell very well-made clothing, some of them party attire, there are some that sell exotic fruits that have been imported in various states of ripeness. Is anyone selling any masks?",Persuasion
Perception,"Yes, I like that phrasing. Have to imagine anywhere this thing goes, there's going to be strange deaths associated with it. We might as well look there. That's actually a good idea, as well. And where we're walking, are there shops and stands, as well, or is it residential? There are many that sell jewelry, many that sell very well-made clothing, some of them party attire, there are some that sell exotic fruits that have been imported in various states of ripeness. Is anyone selling any masks? Make a perception check. Passive or active?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"my business here. I wouldn't do very well up ""north, I'll tell you that. All them dragon types--"" Looks to you. ""No offense. All them ""silver dragon lovers have an issue with things as celebratory."" And I pull out ten gold, and I spread them on her desk. ""How many masks?"" Oh, none. Oh, I would like one. ""Take your pick."" I slide one coin away from the other nine, and then dragging my finger across those say, is there anything out of the ordinary these days?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"them to get to the door. And he looks at the shop keep and, do you have any masks that might fit a little girl? ""Yes, of course, friend dwarf."" And she goes and rummages through a small bag and pulls out a mask. This little purple mask that seems to have small fake gems forming the outside, with a couple of ribbons that dangle where it would tie around the head. It's simple, but it's pretty. ""Unfortunately, not many people bring children to this side of the district. They don't sell very ""well. But if you would like one, I would be happy to part with for two gold?"" One gold.",Persuasion
Stealth,"""Excuse me, it's official Bastion business. ""Anyway."" And he nods over to the bearded gentleman who's standing there. ""There are certain bits of business that are official in this town. I don't know how honestly ""right it is to be talking with common folk, or even the Guild who does what it likes."" I'm sorry, you're not talking to common folk. He wants money. I know what he wants. Well, then give to him so we can get out of here. I'm circling around.",Stealth
Perception,"(laughter) We'll get to that. As you lean forward, forcing your presence on this Bastion, his hand's still holding the edge of his rapier. He steps forward into you, to the point where you're almost forehead to forehead. ""Sorry, I have to lean down to reach your level. But if you're going to go ""about asking questions and not offering proper compensation for information, well, then. I think ""we have no business here."" If it's compensation you're looking for, let's just speak plain. And I pull out four gold. And while he has their attention, I'm going to check out his pockets.",Persuasion
Stealth,"That's better. That's all right. Perception, you said? 28. 28? Taking a moment as you sneak up behind the one he's talking to-- the two guys are shoulder to shoulder, squaring off with the rest of this group. The one that had been relieving himself in the alleyway is a little bit closer to you. You can see as he put his tunic right and everything, he jostled around and revealed a couple of small pouches on his side. One of which, you heard a clinking of glass on the inside. Go ahead and make a sleight-of-hand check. Go rogue, go. Because I'm wearing a Cloak of Elvenkind,",Stealth
Persuasion,"Oh, I have. More than you can imagine. ""Then explain to me why we shouldn't take you in for questioning right now."" And he pulls his rapier out. Hold on. Everybody calm down. Hi, I'm Tiberius Stormwind. My friend Thorbir here didn't mean to offend, of course. The blade up toward your face. And he says, ""Look, dragon man, I was talking to the dwarf. ""You, I have no business with at the moment. So. You've got ten seconds before we take you in."" I reach into my pocket and rattle my coins around a little bit. Maybe I could buy us some time. And I drop ten gold out into my other hand.",Persuasion
Insight,"Oh, wait. You mentioned investigators? ""There are different people assigned to investigate. We were part of the team that was ""sent as part of the investigation raid on the Velvet Cabaret."" It's not a group of people. It's just, ""you're an investigator today"" kind of thing? ""That's part of what we do as Bastions, aye."" Gotcha. Is there anyone else that is part of the investigation team that you think would be good to talk to? ""They wouldn't have any more information than we do, no.""",Insight
History,"Velvet Cabaret? Velvet Cabaret. It's close. So we know that this guy-- while we walk there, I was talking. We know that this guy is a demon from the Nine Hells. So, he seems to be targeting wealthy people. Do you think these are people that tried to get under his control, under his servitude, and it didn't go his way, so he ended up killing them? Folk don't go into the Velvet Cabaret unless they got a lot of coin. Someone like Lord Tyrell. Do we know anything about him? Does his name ring any bells for us at all?",History
History,"Do we know anything about him? Does his name ring any bells for us at all? Roll a history check. Oh boy. (laughs) It happened again! This is unprecedented. You are the nega-Percy right now. Just telling you. I'm just telling you. This is impressive. You think it isn't real. You think it's a thing I make jokes about. You take a moment to conjecture where you may have heard the name. What was the name again? Oh, the guy from Battlestar Galactica. Oh, what was his name? Adama?",History
Stealth,"The LEDs change colors. Reminder: every hundred subs we're giving away a signed picture and signed full-scale poster of Kit's art. And for the break, the five-minute break we're going to take real fast, we have an awesome video that was presented to us by some of the Critters that I think you'll also appreciate as well. So we'll go ahead roll that and use the potty and we'll see you guys in a few minutes. [break] Welcome back. I assume we'll have a Liam here in just a moment. He's just stealthing.",Stealth
Persuasion,"""Are you a member?"" Not yet. We are new to this place. My master here is seeking audience with his kind. We were guided to this place. This establishment has a high reputation. We wish to inquire how to get inside. Looks over to the Siren. Siren glances back and, ""What's he saying?"" And the dragonborn glances over. And he says out loud in Common now, at this point, ""He's saying ""that they're looking to come in here and talk to other elvish guys, I guess."" Oh, not elvish, but more people of high society. High society here.",Persuasion
Perception,"weapons visible. And they're just sitting there, guarding just like the bouncers were at front of the place. How many dwarves? Just the one that let you inside. I reach over and I grab Vax's hand. I fold her arm in and walk forward. All right. I think, as they move forward, I would like to pull Thorbir aside and say, maybe since we're trying to get membership here, you should cover your runes. Noted. Thank you.",Perception
Deception,"that is hanging above her. And she just this gorgeous-looking silver harp in front of her. She's just plucking away. Her eyes are closed, like she's just caught in the moment. And there's group of people that are sitting around her chatting softly, not to be overbearing to the music, but to just be around that atmosphere. Your wonderful employees mentioned membership. We'd like to acquire that as well, I assume, as well. You're saying this to Hosin? This is Thorlaxalux, my financial advisor. Thorlaxalux, at your service. I bow gracefully.",Deception
Persuasion,"that is hanging above her. And she just this gorgeous-looking silver harp in front of her. She's just plucking away. Her eyes are closed, like she's just caught in the moment. And there's group of people that are sitting around her chatting softly, not to be overbearing to the music, but to just be around that atmosphere. Your wonderful employees mentioned membership. We'd like to acquire that as well, I assume, as well. You're saying this to Hosin? This is Thorlaxalux, my financial advisor. Thorlaxalux, at your service. I bow gracefully.",Deception
Deception,"gorgeous-looking silver harp in front of her. She's just plucking away. Her eyes are closed, like she's just caught in the moment. And there's group of people that are sitting around her chatting softly, not to be overbearing to the music, but to just be around that atmosphere. Your wonderful employees mentioned membership. We'd like to acquire that as well, I assume, as well. You're saying this to Hosin? This is Thorlaxalux, my financial advisor. Thorlaxalux, at your service. I bow gracefully. Make a persuasion roll. No, deception roll.",Deception
Perception,"just resting, and in the center, you see a man, very dark complexion, ratty looking, crimped dark hair, very well-trimmed beard and mustache ensemble, and long black and gold robes. Very, very long sleeves and jewelry adorning every ounce of his hands, his fingers, you can barely see the actual skin beneath, there is just so much jewelry adorning him. He looks up smiling with his elbows near the edge of the table. ""Have a seat. We are ""to talk, yes? Introduce yourselves. Guests are always welcome, but I wish to know who it is that ""I am guesting for."" I seat Coralin and have a seat myself. And pretending to check out the women in the room, I",Persuasion
Deception,"I subversively wipe it on my robes. ""My name is Vince Cyinnor. And I am the owner of this house of joy and pleasure."" I'm the lucky man who married her. My name is Scanlan of the Shorthalts. We're in from Emon, and reputation of this establishment is well known within all parts of the walls. We're looking to possibly become members here. We hear the entertainment is top-notch, and we hear that business happens within these walls. But I'm not convinced. I'm hoping to stay for an hour to see what you have to offer. When I find I like a place, I stay for a long time and leave a lot of money. I'd just like a little taste.",Persuasion
Deception,"And we are very interested in all of those interesting businesses. ""From what I hear, as my assistant has told me, your business is shoes. Tell me, why would the ""business of shoes require such an ostentatious location for business?"" The shoes are the public face, but the well runs deep. ""We get to the meat of the matter, eh? So, shoes is but an appearance. What is your business ""aside from cobbling, Mr. Shorthalt?"" I know my way around poison, and I hear you have the rarest of breeds here. I have come to spend some money to satisfy my clients.",Deception
Insight,"Bastions were very thorough, and we have been ""found absolved of any sort of involvement."" We are not Bastions. And we are not here to accuse. And we are not here to investigate your establishment. ""Interesting. You come in here and lie. It seems to me exactly what you're doing. Now, are ""you coming to ask questions? To see what involvement we have? Answers? We've already told ""everything to anyone else. We have no involvement. I don't know what you're talking about. This is ""ridiculous. And I may have to ask you to leave."" He's shutting down. Someone do something quick.",Insight
Insight,"Bastions were very thorough, and we have been ""found absolved of any sort of involvement."" We are not Bastions. And we are not here to accuse. And we are not here to investigate your establishment. ""Interesting. You come in here and lie. It seems to me exactly what you're doing. Now, are ""you coming to ask questions? To see what involvement we have? Answers? We've already told ""everything to anyone else. We have no involvement. I don't know what you're talking about. This is ""ridiculous. And I may have to ask you to leave."" He's shutting down. Someone do something quick.",Insight
Insight,"""found absolved of any sort of involvement."" We are not Bastions. And we are not here to accuse. And we are not here to investigate your establishment. ""Interesting. You come in here and lie. It seems to me exactly what you're doing. Now, are ""you coming to ask questions? To see what involvement we have? Answers? We've already told ""everything to anyone else. We have no involvement. I don't know what you're talking about. This is ""ridiculous. And I may have to ask you to leave."" He's shutting down. Someone do something quick. Insight check, insight check. Balls.",Insight
Persuasion,"the wind comes out, all the silks blow against the wall. Pillows are lobbed to the sides. Both of the women in there (yelps) and pull back against walls, trying to keep out of the circumstance. And you can see Vince has begun to stand up and his hair blown back. ""What is the meaning of this?"" Now. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that. I sometimes get a little out of control. But remain calm! All right?! Jesus! Remain calm! You calm down. I'm sorry! I'm trying to remain calm, too! Doing a great job. Thank you! Okay.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"door and left in the hallway. Vince is the-- Owner. But is he human? He's human. I'm going to approach him and I'm going to cast Mage Hand. I'm going to have it float right up in front of me. I'm like, now, you better start cooperating, because it seems to me that you're getting very nervous. And we don't want to do anything. Nor do we want to leave. All we want is information. I guess we want to know what you want to know, too. We want a lot of information. So start talking and stop acting like a fool.",Intimidation
Perception,"We are not with the guard. We are not with the Bastions. More calm. Yes, still doing a great job with the calm, there. I'm trying. I'm sorry. I get emotional. I'm trying to remain calm, here. Okay? ""What do you wish to know?"" Once again, do you still have Lord Tyrell's possessions? ""His possessions are not under my keeping, no."" There we go. Thank you. Where are they? ""I have no idea.""",Insight
Insight,"More calm. Yes, still doing a great job with the calm, there. I'm trying. I'm sorry. I get emotional. I'm trying to remain calm, here. Okay? ""What do you wish to know?"" Once again, do you still have Lord Tyrell's possessions? ""His possessions are not under my keeping, no."" There we go. Thank you. Where are they? ""I have no idea."" I want to do a perception check. This would be insight, yeah.",Insight
Intimidation,"are going to dragon and axe you. ""Look, what happened was unfortunate. There are things beyond your understanding or control ""involved here."" Oh, I don't know, we can understand a lot. We fought a beholder before. Do not take us for fools who just walked in here without a clue. I walk forward, I pull out Dagger of Venom and I drop a little bead of black down the blade and I hold it just about a centimeter under his neck. I've all run out of patience, friend. We're here to help this city and you're going to help us. Talk.",Intimidation
Perception,"because of this whole setup here. Dear god, so many. Come on. 20. ""They'll kill me if I say anything."" We're going to kill you now. Now or later, friend. And we could protect you from them. Or it. ""This establishment. I am not the owner. I am a figurehead. Something else currently pulls ""the strings from behind."" Something else? As we said, it. And he looks off, past you, just over your shoulder.",Persuasion
Perception,"Vax, you're up. I'm going to run just up past Keyleth, I'm going to look at her as I pass. Not bad. Keep going, stop there, and now I'm going to try to sense traps. At this point, there? Okay, so you can get up to here if you're going to use an action as well to dash. If I use, that's fine, yeah. Okay, as you go to talk to her no words come out. Can I see what's going on? No, you're in the other room, still. Everyone darted out and you're making your way",Stealth
Deception,"How did he sound, again? How did he sound? I don't remember. He's a dwarf. He was Scottish, but fancy Scottish. He's glam rock. Glam rock. Oh, right, right. What's all this noise out here? What are you bothering my friends for? Guards! The guards look over confused and, ""We heard there was a--"" Everything's fine. These are friends. Get on with your business. Get back on patrol. Make sure nothing happens or I'll have your heads.",Deception
Perception,"walls, looking for anything that would be out of sorts, and your eyes very keen to find anything out of the ordinary. The room thankfully does not appear to have anything specifically trapped. It seems fairly safe. Oh. Okay. And those are doors up there? Yeah. Door to the right, door to the left. Would that check include the doors themselves? I would say with a natural 20, yes. The doors both also seem to be functional doors, not designed with any sort of trap attached. All right. Pressing my ear to the door on my left.",Investigation
Perception,"All right. The door swings open without issue. It's one of the easier jobs you've had. I should've done that in the first place. Yeah! Should've beat it down and then. You push open the door and find your way into what looks like a very well-adorned bedroom. There is a small table on the side where there are some books stacked up. There's a dresser on the far end that's closed. There is a canopy bed set up. There is a small end-table on the side. And the rest of the room has a nice circular rug that's thrown across the center, and there are no windows currently to this room. I turn my head to everyone and just mouth",Perception
Perception,"issue. It's one of the easier jobs you've had. I should've done that in the first place. Yeah! Should've beat it down and then. You push open the door and find your way into what looks like a very well-adorned bedroom. There is a small table on the side where there are some books stacked up. There's a dresser on the far end that's closed. There is a canopy bed set up. There is a small end-table on the side. And the rest of the room has a nice circular rug that's thrown across the center, and there are no windows currently to this room. I turn my head to everyone and just mouth the words-- and perception check the room.",Perception
Perception,"second mark. Haven't quite pulled it out of the wood yet. Okay, good. And my little legs are kicking underneath me while I pull it down, cursing in Dwarven. They call me Benny. Benny Hill. Do you wish to enter the room? I don't, actually. Because of all the sound, I wish to turn my back to the room and guard the hallway while everybody else is inside checking out the room. Okay, you're keeping an eye out, and you do see that there's one of the guards just to the side who's just keeping an eye looking over",Perception
Perception,"along the board, it's all pretty solid. I want to make myself soccer field goalie this stuff with the door, in the door frame, just really trying to see if I can see any brush of dust or movement. Okay. Keeping an eye out. You pull your axe free. Into the hallway door in front of you. Not a lot of strength. You pull it out and try the best you can to save some grace. Well done. Yeah, that was graceful. I motion Tiberius over. Should I do a perception on that? Nope. That ceiling looks pretty solid. Can I turn, saving my back to the door, I",Investigation
Perception,"I'm trying to make myself big. There appears to be no exit from the ceiling. Can I enter the room? You may. You push past the confused cleric. Okay, so I look around. I look at the rug. I sigh heavily. And I pull the rug. You pull the rug, revealing a wooden floor. Plain slats. You thought that was going to be good! With a point, too! You were never a fan of elves or half-elves before, but this one's really starting to dig into you a little.",Investigation
Perception,"order, who all is going in after Thorbir? In what order? I'll go next. All right. Following Thorbir. I'll go behind Kash. I don't need this at all, but I just wanted to play with it. That's me right there. I'll follow. I'll keep on Thorbir's six. Okay. I'll stay 15 feet behind him. 15 feet behind? All right. And Keyleth, you continue up that way. All right, so that'll be the marching order. So I've got my axe out. And may I make a",Stealth
Survival,"either fallen through. So it could collapse at any time. Well, if you do any severe damage to its structure. It would probably be a bad idea. Right, like drop a boulder down it. It's not a mine shaft. What were you going to say? I would like to make a-- you tell me what check it is. What I want to do is to look down into this thick mud stuff. What I'm looking for are tracks, and if I do well enough, I want to see if I can get a sense of how fast the thing was going. Has it slowed down because it's comfortable, or is it still running?",Survival
Perception,"So I'm underground. Actually, as a dwarf I'll give you advantage on that, so roll again. That makes sense, this is your place. Well, the higher one was four. The lower one was a one. The higher one was a four? Remember what I told you about the Wheaton dice curse? I'm sorry. Because no one will believe me. No one ever believes me. He's been taking pictures of all his fails so everyone believes it. At this point, I'd be amazed that he hasn't helped us in any way, shape, or form, and cast a",Perception
Arcana,"13. 13? All right. I don't know if you have numbers low enough. Two. Keyleth, what do you have? Six. Six, okay. All right. As the skittering seems to go to a fervored frenzy, you can see masses and masses of extremely matted fur moving and quivering through this refuse as a series of rat swarms pour out of the edges of this giant dung pile. And where at the center that giant entity has revealed itself to be a terrifying visage of some kind. I'm going to have you go ahead and roll",Perception
Athletics,"period of time. Suddenly, it slumps to the ground, (gurgling sound) and joins the refuse of which it once came from. Dead? Thorbir? You were supposed to save something for me! There's a bunch of rats down here! Rats! Walk faster. (clunk clunk) To the edge, there. How far down is it? 15 feet. And it is soft ground. Can I jump and land on those rats? You know what? Sure. Go ahead and make an",Athletics
Perception,"spattered-- You ruined your new dress. I know. I got scorched by Tiberius's fireball. You fought well, though. I'm looking for the way out of here. I'm looking to see where the rakshasa went. Looking on the far side, it's partially buried in the ground from the collection here, but you can see there is a bit of a push, like the door had been opened briefly and pushed things away, then slammed shut, and it's slowly starting to coalesce back towards it. All right. Hold on, everybody. I walk right",Investigation
Perception,"this room. And you get the feeling this door isn't open very often, if at all, and the little bit of slime that has coasted through only goes about five, ten feet into a long stone hallway that disappears in the darkness no more than maybe 20 feet from you. Even with the low light, you can see pretty far. To the right and left of you, sets of iron bars. Okay. Tibs. Follow that. Try and keep behind me. And I throw up the hood and go as low to the ground as I can, and I start to Gollum along the floor, looking at the ground in front of me in the dim light, trying to see if I can see any traps ahead of me.",Investigation
Perception,"Okay. As you enter this area and start stepping in, the air itself has a very chemical smell to it. It's hard to describe. There's something musty and untouched to the air, but there's also some sort of gentle hint of an acrid scent. Do you guys continue forward through this prison area? I'm looking at the floor and everything as far out as I can see ahead of me. Okay. What's above us? Looking up, it's about 15 feet up, and it is another smooth stone ceiling. The construction here looks old. You, specifically, go ahead and",Investigation
Investigation,"carved a few hundred years ago, and the metal bars as you move past-- you guys see this too-- the doorways that lead into these, some appear to be locked and some are completely open, easy to swing, and as you pull it open, (creak) very heavy rust against those iron doors, probably affected largely by the nearby moisture emanating from the room and whatever chemical's hanging in the air. Are we still lit? You're still lit by his Light spell, yes. And there's nothing really in the prison cells, with the exception of one skeleton? Well, that was in one room. If you want to go ahead and check around, go ahead and make an",Investigation
Perception,"Yeah, I'll look around in the cells. Natural 20! There is balance to the universe. As you're walking past, Keyleth, looking over on one side, you see further up, with a bunch of the thatch pushed around it, there appears to be a corpse that doesn't have the layer of dust that a number of the other skeletal piles in some of the other cells seem to have. The door to get into the cell, though, does appear to be locked. Vax. Need your help  this is locked. What's in there? Looks like a fresh dead guy? Okay. Out comes the pick. I'm going to",Investigation
Arcana,"""That was two weeks ago."" But he said he's been coming and going, so maybe he was just leaving? Coming the same direction we came from, though. That seems odd. And a man, a dwarf, and a woman. Weeks ago. Not five minutes ago. The spell fades, and the corpse falls back to its original pose, jaw left open, aghast in its final moments. Thorbir's right. We're burning time. We need to go in. Go in where? Do we go back the direction the dwarf came?",Perception
Arcana,"I'm sorry, but we came from that direction? From this door, yes. This would've connected right there. Okay. Every second we're here, it's getting away. I agree. You're absolutely right. We're going in. When we're in there, you keep it busy, and I will carve it up. I will keep it busy. Try not to get your dick bit by a rat. I slide past Tiberius, crouch down to the ground again, and start scuttling along the ground. Looking, listening.",Arcana
Stealth,"As you see them approaching here, stepping in your direction, they are both dressed in full Duskmeadow Bastion armor. The one on the far end appears to be older, balding with thinning gray hair. The one who's further up is in his forties. Big thick brown beard, hair pulled back into a ponytail, and they're both lightly conversing to each other. Not paying much attention, like they're running through a routine. I start pushing back on Thorbir, backing everybody up, silently pushing backward and trying to steer everyone in a heap backwards and to the side of the cell we just came from. Just trust me.",Stealth
Stealth,"Did I get them into the cell? You pushed them far back and into the cell? Yeah, that was what I wanted to do, just backwards to everybody. Yeah, and as this is going on, I dissipate the Light spell. Okay. Light spell vanishes. He walks up and turns the corner. I give everybody a group hug with my Cloak of Elvenkind and try to make a big rag pile out of this corner. I'm very uncomfortably pressed against Thorbir's backside. Okay. The cloak can only really cover you and partially another person. The rest of you all",Stealth
Perception,"How long does that last? It's permanent! Let's go. It's time to move. All right, back around the corner, following around, looking, listening. Everybody the same. That chemical smell is getting stronger and stronger. It's burning your nose a little bit. So Kashaw. If you're the only one who knows about this goddess, that means she also killed your parents? Yes. Thank you for bringing that up. Perception? I got you, baby. Well, that was perception.",Perception
Religion,"I think she might like me! As there is the mental struggle going on in Keyleth's mind, this swing has extreme intensity and then halfway through, just streaks off and slams into the stone wall. Part of the staff splinters and breaks at the edge. It's still functional, but definitely took a hit from the wall. My favorite staff! All right. That ends your turn. Keyleth, you lose your turn. Up at the top of the round, Tiberius. Can we not try and save from it? We can't do shit? We're just on auto-pilot, at this point? Does anyone here at the top of this round",Religion
Religion,"As there is the mental struggle going on in Keyleth's mind, this swing has extreme intensity and then halfway through, just streaks off and slams into the stone wall. Part of the staff splinters and breaks at the edge. It's still functional, but definitely took a hit from the wall. My favorite staff! All right. That ends your turn. Keyleth, you lose your turn. Up at the top of the round, Tiberius. Can we not try and save from it? We can't do shit? We're just on auto-pilot, at this point? Does anyone here at the top of this round want to make a religion check? Does anyone here",Religion
Stealth,"That's negative. That's 16. 16? 13. 12. 12. All of you guys manage to shrug off the effect. You, however. There's something about the way it screamed that for a moment, you swear it had a face similar to Vesh from your wedding night. It clutches your heart, and you are considered frightened for the next minute. That means you cannot move closer to it, and your attacks against it are at a disadvantage until you shrug it off. All right, then the possessed Vax is going to, as his bonus action, attempt to make a",Stealth
Perception,"13. 12. 12. All of you guys manage to shrug off the effect. You, however. There's something about the way it screamed that for a moment, you swear it had a face similar to Vesh from your wedding night. It clutches your heart, and you are considered frightened for the next minute. That means you cannot move closer to it, and your attacks against it are at a disadvantage until you shrug it off. All right, then the possessed Vax is going to, as his bonus action, attempt to make a stealth check and back out of the way. Goes against the wall. If I could have Thorbir and",Stealth
Stealth,"12. 12. All of you guys manage to shrug off the effect. You, however. There's something about the way it screamed that for a moment, you swear it had a face similar to Vesh from your wedding night. It clutches your heart, and you are considered frightened for the next minute. That means you cannot move closer to it, and your attacks against it are at a disadvantage until you shrug it off. All right, then the possessed Vax is going to, as his bonus action, attempt to make a stealth check and back out of the way. Goes against the wall. If I could have Thorbir and Tiberius make perception checks.",Stealth
Perception,"And try to see a door on the far end. Actually, you know what? Here's what I'm going to do instead. Let me double-check and make sure I can do this. As you look inside, you walk up to the liquid. It looks like there is a very slow flow to it, coming at an angle. It's very thick and looks like it's melted through the basis of the floor and almost like it would continue under, around, and out of this room into whatever is beyond. You get a feeling there is something to why this part of the prison was probably abandoned. Wait a tic. Wait a sec. I back out slowly, and I'm going to creep back to the other door.",Perception
Perception,"Yes, I agree. He was a good man. I heard he was brave. Very brave. I never heard about this. How did you hear about this? He was a good man who was murdered by the gods. It is legend. The acid guy is legend? All right. I go walking down the hallway, this way. Okay. Keyleth, what are you doing? You're meditating? Let me wait until he opens this door. Okay.",Stealth
Perception,"Okay, we all fit! We're good. Oh, we all fit on it? Oh, look at that. Let's go. All right. Onward! You drift down the hallway on the flying carpet. Staring at the slime on the ground. The air itself, like I said, it hurts. You have to continuously rub your eyes and keep them shut. I make a nice little wind zephyr to give us a little airflow. Okay. As you move partway through this",Perception
Arcana,"carpet. I rolled a six plus a 12 total, 12. And you rolled a total of what? Natural 20. Natural 20. 26. So pulling forward, as you come around through the sections of the wall that are collapsed in rubble, you notice that there are some sigils in the wall. Two-foot-high carved-stone sigils about five feet ahead of you guys. There's one on each side. Are they infernal? It is not infernal. They are arcane in",Nature
Nature,"carpet. I rolled a six plus a 12 total, 12. And you rolled a total of what? Natural 20. Natural 20. 26. So pulling forward, as you come around through the sections of the wall that are collapsed in rubble, you notice that there are some sigils in the wall. Two-foot-high carved-stone sigils about five feet ahead of you guys. There's one on each side. Are they infernal? It is not infernal. They are arcane in",Nature
Religion,"Natural 20. Natural 20. 26. So pulling forward, as you come around through the sections of the wall that are collapsed in rubble, you notice that there are some sigils in the wall. Two-foot-high carved-stone sigils about five feet ahead of you guys. There's one on each side. Are they infernal? It is not infernal. They are arcane in nature, though. Make an arcana check. Sometimes I really hate this old-world shit.",Religion
Perception,"nature, though. Make an arcana check. Sometimes I really hate this old-world shit. Can I do a religion check on them? You can, yes. I got ten, so I figured. 15. Okay. There doesn't appear to be much religious connotation to these symbols, but they're old, and it looks like they were placed there for a specific reason. That's as much as you can get from it. Can I make out any traps or anything in the ceilings or the walls?",Perception
History,"15. Okay. There doesn't appear to be much religious connotation to these symbols, but they're old, and it looks like they were placed there for a specific reason. That's as much as you can get from it. Can I make out any traps or anything in the ceilings or the walls? You can make a perception check. Tiberius points it out to the rest of you guys, and you can see it. But nothing in addition to that. No. Especially for you, your experience doesn't fall too much in the realm of the arcane.",History
Arcana,"see it. But nothing in addition to that. No. Especially for you, your experience doesn't fall too much in the realm of the arcane. Could I do a history check? You can try. Why not? How about handle animals, man? Try every skill. Just go through the whole list. 12. Yeah, there's nothing really historic about this, other than the fact that you're in the historic Amaranthine Oubliette prison here.",Arcana
Insight,"Try every skill. Just go through the whole list. 12. Yeah, there's nothing really historic about this, other than the fact that you're in the historic Amaranthine Oubliette prison here. Did anyone make an arcana check? And we didn't find anything out? Is this something that my stonecunning skills would be relevant to? It's not structural. In looking at it, it looks like these were added to it once it was built, although it is a storage room, so it's strange that these would be placed in the center of the room.",Insight
Acrobatics,"13. Yeah. Unfortunately, due to the jostling, you're unable to get the spell out in time. Thorbir. Who else is jumping for the platform? I go eagle. Okay, you go eagle form. Keyleth catches herself before plummeting inside and goes giant eagle form, gliding past without an issue. Tiberius is falling. I want you guys-- Tiberius, Thorbir, Vax, and Kash-- to all make dexterity saving throws. Tell me how I would go about doing this. As I fall with the carpet, I want to try to pull up on the carpet and land in the shit.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"Same as you took last time. And what are you doing? Me? I'm trying to climb up onto the rock that is right there that I didn't jump onto. Right here? There's only enough room for two people. Who's on it now? Currently, Tiberius and Thorbir. Well, I guess I'm swimming through acid, then. You can try and get on there, but you'd probably push somebody else off. No, I'm just going to start wading towards the other side.",Athletics
Arcana,"direction, slowly. It looks like there's a section of the wall here that's somewhat open, and you can see there's a pathway where it's flowing through this direction, and it's coasting and flowing out underneath the wall on this side. So you're keeping a close eye on that. You've finished assembling the Mending Wheel. You take the flying carpet and set it on there. The wheel begins to rotate, and as it does, the carpet curls up, almost like heat to a hair. Curls up on its own and begins to formulate this small cluster of material. You can see where a lot of its vibrant color is gone and left with dark, charred, and partially eaten-away cloth and cotton. I'm going",Arcana
Perception,"Tiberius? I'm cranky because I haven't slept, that's why. Can we just take a moment for the carpet, please? We've had a lot of good times with that carpet. Yeah. Too bad, right? We've had a lot of good times. You've had that carpet for a while? We found Clarota on that carpet. Never mind. Let's not talk about that. (sighs) Fuck. Thorbir has no attachment to this carpet. I'm looking for exits.",Perception
Religion,"beautifully carved out of this dark gray stone. The face is very chiseled and handsome, but at the top of the forehead, you see these two hooked horns that continue upward. There is not two legs, but one singular cloven hoof at the bottom of its torso as it stands. And you can see, from the eyes, the source of the green acidic liquid that drips down like tears, pools on the ground, and spills out of the room. Well, that's not good. Kashaw, does this mean anything to you? You guys are entering after? Yes. I step away from the acid to my left.",Religion
Insight,"""for a temporary victory."" Thorbir steps back and blocks the door. Okay. Does anybody trust this guy? No deal. I don't think it's a bad idea. He serves the god of politics and deception. Does he? I'm assuming. That same guy? Well, I'm assuming if he's got the statue of-- The Iron Duke himself.",Insight
Perception,"of their life manipulating and toying with the emotions, minds, greed, and goals of others to get its desires itself, both self-preservation and progressive expansion of its own territory. You can tell in its voice, there is a hint of fear and a very heavy coating of words that are very well practiced and silver-tongued. But you gather that there is very little intent to follow through on its side of the bargain, and everything is designed as misdirection to send whatever it's made a deal with to its eventual doom. It dies in this room. Do you hear me? You die in this room. ""That is unfortunate."" I would like all of",Perception
Arcana,"Yeah, that's fine. Bring it. End of Keyleth's turn. Tiberius, you're up. Thorbir, you're on deck. Okay. Fine. I'm going to attempt to cast Slow on both of them. On both of them? 40-foot cube, 120-foot range. Center it where it won't hurt anybody else except for them. Actually, I think I can pick who I affect. And that's what I do. Slow down. I think that will affect the rakshasa. What's the DC on it? 17. 17. The golem-like creature-- which, if you",Arcana
Perception,"heals the party and is closest to you and has no idea that you're currently turned against the rest of your allies. Make an attack on him. I'm attacking him? He's attacking you. You suck. And I'm hasted. My boots are hasted. So here I go. Oh, that's good. That is a 23. 23 hits. Should I do damage on all of these? Go ahead and do your sneak attack damage on this one. All right, but there's no sneak attack, so not that bad.",Stealth
Stealth,"Two daggers out of the dark. I'll keep that. That is a 30. Remember, in order to properly hide, you would have to go somewhere where you would remain out of the sight of the individual. Can I squat down behind Kash? Wait, whoa. All right, you tell me. I don't know how bright or dark it is in here. Hiding behind another party member is a little hard to do. Can I run, Naruto-style, low, now he's behind me, toward the statue and crouch at the base of it? And then shoot up from there?",Stealth
Intimidation,"back to the Velvet Cabaret, back into the room where the rakshasa once lived. Do you wish to walk into the center of the Velvet Cabaret, covered in various fluids? Fuck yes, we do. Yeah, I think absolutely. All right. (boof) The door slams open and you all step into the center of the Velvet Cabaret. As you do, two of the guards turn and see you exit. ""Hey! Hey, wait! What are you doing?"" And they go for their blades to the side. Seriously? I turn around and go like, you really don't want to do that, friend. Trust me, please.",Intimidation
Religion,"There's some weird stuff up high. Like spider webs? No, like eyeballs. Is it like eyeballs? It's a single eye that is placed within a sickle-like curvature that has a handle to it. Almost like that. Is it moving? No, it's just a carving in the stonework that resembles an eye. Oh, okay. I don't see an eye. It's that carving right there. looks like an eye. Does anybody know anything about anything that looks like eyes?",Religion
Religion,"No, like eyeballs. Is it like eyeballs? It's a single eye that is placed within a sickle-like curvature that has a handle to it. Almost like that. Is it moving? No, it's just a carving in the stonework that resembles an eye. Oh, okay. I don't see an eye. It's that carving right there. looks like an eye. Does anybody know anything about anything that looks like eyes? This would be more of a religion check for anybody who has--",Religion
Insight,"sensation, but it is not a fresh burn. There is not any peeled skin. It looks like it maybe happened a few months ago, and yet there it is. Not going to lie, it looks pretty cool. The design is nice. I'd have liked some warning. Join a few more clubs, and we're going to be all sleeved up. ""Now, I have been here building this place and this guild for some time, with the intent of ""helping rid the landscape of dangerous prey and helping those who are also aligned with the good ""of the realm to bring their more powerful enchantments and uses to light.""",Investigation
Arcana,"""not to be followed can keep me at bay. I've only tried to pierce through the Abyss once. That was a ""dire mistake. However, you have come to understand one of our great secrets. Keep this with you, ""carry the brands on your shoulders with pride, for you are now considered Chosen of Ioun, and myself. ""Welcome to the Slayer's Take."" I take this with great honor. Thank you. She gives a nod to all of you. She now stands back up. The orb goes back to a dull clear glass. Turns around. (heavy footfalls) the tail (whoosh) swishing over your heads for a moment. The wings expand, and with a great leap, the creature disappears into the darkness. If you want",Arcana
Perception,"dirty in its own right, has now become sludge-like mud, and there's this constant (squelching) as you're walking through the city. It's easy enough for you, Tiberius, to go ahead and find a blacksmith. Generally, there aren't too many in this area. A lot of those tend to be pushed up more towards the Braving Grounds, so it's easy to find the one or two plumes of black smoke-- I could send him to the blacksmith I went to. Along the way, I would also like to be looking out for any animal shopkeeps. Animal? A pet store?",Investigation
Investigation,"can't afford it. There's no real potion shops. The construction of potions is not a ready thing. People don't manufacture them left and right  it's a time-consuming process, and a lot of them are exported, so finding them here is a little difficult, and they're usually part of other stores that sell it as part of their stock. You guys, before you journeyed out last time, cleaned out the hag. Oh, that's something else we have to tell you guys about! Can I look around the street and see if there are any shady types lurking about.",Persuasion
Perception,"wealth. Would you be interested in anything besides coin? ""Speaking of which do you offer?"" Well, I have this fancy bag myself. I happen to have parts of an umber hulk. Pieces of dragon, if you might be interested in that. I also have jewels and fancy robes, if you need a change. ""My robes are quite fancy enough, but thank you."" Right. I have an orc head. And I reach into the Bag of Holding and pull out the orc head. ""Put that away. Please. No, it's spraying on",Investigation
Perception,"is now starting to appear at the base of the beard. (singing) I feel so happy. So happy! It is like horsehair bristles, it's very thick, and you could probably clean dishes against it. Is it like an Abe Lincoln beard, or do I also have a mustache? Actually, for you it's only coming in as a chinstrap beard, at the moment. Oh, wow. Don't judge. I see Vex's condition and I run out to get her a coffee from the bazaar, and then do my",Perception
Medicine,"are. Oh, thank you. Oh, who's that? What is that? I think I'm going to name him Lockheed. Trinket looks very interested in Lockheed. He looks a little-- oh... Trinket's nose goes up to the cage (sniffs). Is he sick? I don't think it's supposed to make that noise. Do you want to do some healing? Yeah, I'll do just a small healing.",Medicine
Medicine,"Lockheed. Lockheed. I put my finger in the cage and go, hello, Lockheed! As soon as your finger gets to the edge, (snaps) he bites on the finger. He's a real peach. You take a point of damage. Son of a bitch! Maybe you should name him Lockheed Peach. Aw, Lockheed Peach. I think Lockheed is good enough. Can I do a check on him and see if I make him feel better?",Medicine
Medicine,"Lockheed. I put my finger in the cage and go, hello, Lockheed! As soon as your finger gets to the edge, (snaps) he bites on the finger. He's a real peach. You take a point of damage. Son of a bitch! Maybe you should name him Lockheed Peach. Aw, Lockheed Peach. I think Lockheed is good enough. Can I do a check on him and see if I make him feel better? Make a medicine check.",Medicine
Investigation,"volcanic territory. Should we ask how far it is? Maybe. I only got vague directions. Can we see Sunder Peak from here? The landscape is very heavily wooded, and the canopy of the forest tends to rise and lower about the height of the wall itself. You can't really see anything beyond the wall of the city of Vasselheim, anyway. So remember that way, we found a hydra, so we might come across some terrible things. One of you wordsmiths go talk to somebody and ask directions. I flag down the nearest person.",Perception
Persuasion,"to originally, ""You've gone already through it. I can offer you another war horse. We're starting to ""run a little low, if you keep tearing through them at this rate."" Well, we'll say we're covered though, yeah. ""Oh, that's 400 gold to purchase yourself a warhorse."" Oh, 400. Darling, remember who we are. We gave you excellent business before. I have no idea what I'm saying. Come on, this is your thing. Come on. I think, as a return customer, you can offer us more of a deal than that.",Persuasion
Animal Handling,"Are you haggling with the fabric of time and space? No, I'm just seeing if I can track the dude I put a Hunter's Mark on, is all. She went back to the 30s. See? I would say, at this distance, if you've travelled you've lost contact with him, however on the way out you got the sensation that he was still in the city, just not in the thoroughfare that he was originally spotted in. Mourning getting negotiated so hard. All right, so. I'm going to roll real quick. I was going",Animal Handling
Nature,"Approach. You hear a sudden clap of thunder (thunderclap). Comes rumbling through the sky. And you can see, above the mountain range, the clouds that are gathering are very dark, and a roiling thunderstorm is starting to break over the mountain range. You see flashes of light from within, and a few other claps of thunder rolling over the mountain range. Does it look natural? It looks like a thunderstorm. It's not ominously dark more than what you're used to, but it looks like there is a thunderstorm blowing through.",Nature
Perception,"started. Vox Machina, that's all it is. Wait, is that Kashaw? Made you look. Break the tension! Never mind, you've got it. You continue riding towards the mountain range at the base of the Sunder Peak Mountains. Eventually the forest begins to give way as the ground itself becomes less and less hospitable to vegetation. There's a certain smell to the air that seems to come through the wind that buffets the bottom of the mountain range itself. It smells like a distant forest fire. Like, you can smell almost like burnt cedar, a little bit of ash to the air. You make your way to the base. Everyone",Perception
Perception,"a switchback, and you can see it's beginning to pull inwards towards what looks like a ravine in the mountain range. There's an area where the actual mountain carves inward and leads into the mountain range proper. During that time, Vex, as you guys are making your way up to this slight inward path and it starts pushing into the mountain range, less dangerous and less pressed against the mountain as you were previously, you notice up at the top there are a few shadowed figures just out of your visual range that you can just make out over the backlight of the clouds in the sky. Do they look--",Perception
Stealth,"figures just out of your visual range that you can just make out over the backlight of the clouds in the sky. Do they look-- You can make a perception check. Fuck. I chose poorly. That's terrible. Yeah. Eight. Eight. At this distance, it's hard to really make out any sort of visual on their form, their size, but you just see there's a handful of them and it looks like three figures that are moving in unison along the ridge a little ways up ahead of you guys. Shut up.",Perception
Stealth,"Yeah. Eight. Eight. At this distance, it's hard to really make out any sort of visual on their form, their size, but you just see there's a handful of them and it looks like three figures that are moving in unison along the ridge a little ways up ahead of you guys. Shut up. Can I go ahead and get a stealth check from the group? With disadvantage on the ones that failed their constitution saves. How do we know if we failed? The fail is the nine or below. Yeah. I'll let you know if it's a fail or not, but you guys,",Stealth
Perception,"You know you don't have to breathe all of it in every time. Oh, right, no. 15, sorry, 15. For stealth, right? For stealth. (coughs loudly) As you guys make your way into the path and she points this out, there's a couple people that kind of, there's a quiet silence, and then (coughing) a couple of coughs coming through. Shushed as best you can, you can see the figures shift and then vanish from sight. Should we hurry? What do you think? Well, they know now.",Stealth
Perception,"territory. You know that centurions usually are sent out, and people keep watch on the landscape around, but you have no idea. Because I know the mountains, are we still on that crappy narrow precipice? That crappy path is starting to move inward finally towards the actual mountain  it's starting to crest over into the top area, where it goes into almost more like a ravine where the two walls of the mountain come together to give you a small valley path that leads-- Could I look and see if there are any boulder, avalanche-type situations that I can see--",Perception
Arcana,"There's going to be art for that. Don't say things like that out loud. Do you guys continue? I think so. Can I-- I mean-- Let's continue on. All right. You continue pushing in, and this area where the mountain range tends to collide to this path that then leads on. It's slowly winding around and heading upward and closer and closer in towards where the mountain range crests. There's a couple more flashes of lightning, some thunder, and you all look around. I rolled an 18, because I want to do an",Arcana
Acrobatics,"Spending a grit point. It's been so long. There we are. Yeah! Oh, the curse is broken, that's 29, 31. 31. Definitively hits. 31. What does the arm shot do? It's no damage, right? The arm shot is-- okay, sorry. It's been a while. I've never done this one before. No damage, but it drops one item of my choice. So as it's lifting the boulder, you fire, and it hits the elbow out from under it. And I use the strength of the shot to pick myself up and keep on running.",Acrobatics
Nature,"(laughing) Okay! There, see? Take that, game, take that. Far off in the distance, Keyleth, as the rest of you look at the landscape, you see what looks like a small forest, a very localized forest right in the center of the valley. You can see a cluster of trees that exists about a mile, a mile and a half away from your current position. As you guys continue pushing forward, you start seeing larger stone clusters and formations, almost like a very violent activity were forcing and jutting up portions of stone out of this caldera at some point.",Nature
Persuasion,"We just wait or Keyleth talks. Wait. About a moment later, you see a small red glow appear from a portion of the wall on the opposite side. Red glow, looking like a portion of the stone, about this wide, begins to glow bright red before dripping off molten, leaving a small slit. You can now see through the slit, a few heads appearing as one steps into, eyes, shifting, peering through the small space. ""You trespass ""into our home. I will ask you once your business before we let the mountain's fury take you."" Please. I am Keyleth of the Air Ashari, and I am here to further my Aramente. He looks back for a second. Go ahead and",Persuasion
Nature,"and you can see the lava begin to grow more and more active, sending off little spittles of rock. I push it out and continue to focus. You guys begin to see now the lava is shifting and beginning to roil and you're almost afraid it's going to start bubbling over and fill the area, and this nervousness grips your heart. Especially you, Vax, who had previously had some unhappy run-ins with molten rock. It's a genuine fear that you hadn't quite acknowledged since that moment, and you begin to feel really uncomfortable being this close to this opening. As you continue to focus, you hear Cerkonos's voice again, calm and methodical. ""Ask permission."" I'd like you to",Nature
Stealth,"You can certainly try. Do you have Pass Without a Trace right now? I do have Pass Without a Trace. I can cast that on us. Okay. So you cast Pass Without a Trace on the group. As you do, the magic pools, a bunch of the ashes (whoosh) from the ground surround each of you, and there's this gentle cloud of ash that just tends to drift off your body and perpetually replace itself from the surrounding terrain. It does offer you some blanket of visual obscuring from any sort of high vantage point or distant vantage point. Up close, not so much. I'll have",Stealth
Perception,"these streams of lava, and there, about 20 to 30 feet ahead of you, you see a single stone obelisk that rises out of the ground about 15 feet up, and towards the top you see embedded in it a single, mildly glowing, what looks like a fist- or heart-sized ruby that is embedded into it like a beacon, or a small fiery lighthouse in the center of this open plain. That's pretty. That looks like a stone spire to me. Well, it's shiny. It's rather shiny, yeah. Let's go there. All right. As you guys approach, stepping towards the obelisk, around the back of it, make a",Investigation
Survival,"You don't know. No, don't do it, Pike! He's dying! No, I'm okay. I got back 19 points. Okay. You shrug off that damage. You don't heal past it, you just shrug off that damage. Okay, good. So you take no damage from that. Oh. That's good. So. As you guys are racing forward, the storm is still blowing and you can hear Cerkonos shouting as a hawk, adding this beacon of noise as you guys are trying to follow suit. Since you're leading the way, Keyleth, I want you to go ahead",Survival
Acrobatics,"lungs. The wind tunnel is helping reduce the DC of the roll to a certain extent, but this is a very dangerous storm to be in. Essentially, every minute that passes that you're in it-- Can I use a hit dice to heal myself at all? You need a short rest to get there. You guys make your way to the outskirts of the portal and you leap through, as one by one, you all jump into this portal, the druids following behind. The sense of falling becomes this jettison motion as you are shoved and thrown into the air, out of the portal, and landing about 15 feet, 20 feet from the fall. I need all of you guys to make",Acrobatics
Insight,"I wasn't even in a brothel. Oh, you weren't? I walked toward the brothel, but then I bumped into Zahra. Remember Zahra? Oh, Zahra! She invited me over. We talked all night. One thing led to another-- nothing untoward-- but we just had a nice slumber party. It was lovely. It was me and a couple of tieflings. Three, I think. We were doing each other's hair, telling stories, playing songs. It was wonderful! Can I roll to see if he's bullshitting? You can go ahead and make a-- this would be an insight.",Insight
Medicine,"area. A kitchen would have cups, but it's not a full tavern. Tiberius, do you have any wineskins or anything? Excuse me? Do you have a wineskin? Oh, I'm sorry. I was waiting on my first request before. Oh, what was your first request? To see if Keyleth could do anything, but a wineskin? Yes. Oh, thank you. Can I do a check to see if I can tell what Lockheed has? What kind of disease?",Medicine
Athletics,"All righty. Our house is a D&D cave. I'm so sorry. As you're preparing for this circumstance, you are up first. Grog, you have initiative. I race towards Kern, and I duck down as if I'm going to go into a form tackle towards his waist. I take a step to the side at the last second and wrap my arms around his waist from behind, pick him up to DDT him over my shoulder. (cheering) The DDT! The DDT! Okay. For this, go ahead and make an",Athletics
Athletics,"Okay. 23. 23 hits. Great. That is-- motherfucker, six. Six damage? Yes. All righty. I would like to then reach forward, as he's reeling back from that hit, with both of my thumbs and throw them towards his eyes. You're going to attempt to blind? All right, so what this is going to be is for your second attack, a loose grapple, and we'll see if you can manage to push forward from that point. So go",Athletics
Athletics,"21-- aw. 15. 15. Inspiration! If you want to use it. That's a 22. 22 hits. (cheering) So you rush forward to grab. You have hold of his head now. There's no damage this round, but you're enabling yourself now for the rest of the round to attempt to push into his eyes. There's no damage on this one. You grab the side of his head, and you see his eyes open with this look of fear at the unexpected ferocity from you. Go ahead and",Athletics
Athletics,"you've ever tried. You get about a quarter to a half an inch in with your teeth, definitely taking a chunk and (tearing sound) tearing out what you can, but based on the general hardiness of his half-orc structure, you don't get to a jugular or any major vein, but you do leave a gash that leaves a significant mark on his body. That's the first attack. I pull back from the bite, and I whisper into his ear, I was wondering what was going to your spirit, or your body. And I would like to try to pick him up over my head and bring him down on my knee, Bane-style. Batman!",Perception
Athletics,"time, this time Kern rolls out of the way. He manages to just avoid the third slam. What's the total damage on that? Did I roll? It's good. Eight and eight! Damn! You turned him into a stain. Kern, no longer stunned, now gets up, (grunts) holding the back of his side. You suck, Kern! You also smell! (chuckles) Glances up for a moment at you, and sees you raising your fists and gives a grin. Looks back towards you and lunges towards you now. He's going to attempt a grapple at you. Go ahead and",Athletics
Athletics,"teeth grasp on to the top of your lip, and with a sickening sharp, burning sensation, (wet ripping noise) your upper lip is now torn from the front of your face. As you see Kern reel back, a streak of blood spilling off in an arc as his head pulls back, a terrible grin creeping across his smile. As you now see, this dull gray-colored, Grog flesh-toned piece of skin dangling bloodily from his mouth. (disgusted noises) We can fix it! Your turn, currently grappled so you can't move. I would like to attempt to break that grapple.",Athletics
Deception,"firework? Nope. To help me out? Will it be a team effort? No? All right. Doing this now. Oh, that's good, that's a 16. 18 total. (chuckles) As you begin casting, one of the Bastions grabs your wrist and pulls you into his face and says, ""I'm sorry, missy. Am I to understand that you're cheating?"" No! That's just the language of my people. She's foreign. Yes, I'm foreign.",Persuasion
Deception,"I said, I see this happening. I go over and I use Friends to cast-- As you're about to walk over, Tiberius puts his hand out and goes-- No! Excuse me. And I pull out ten gold coins. That's all I actually have because I had ten left, (laughs) and I take those, and I give them. I'm sorry. This has been a misunderstanding. She's foreign, and she's royalty. Please, I'm from Draconia. She's from-- she's a druid. I say all this shit really quick, and I'm like, I'm so, so sorry. I worship the ever-loving unicorn, Rainbow Fluffers.",Deception
Medicine,"the crowd continues cheering once again. (cheering) The clerics now come climbing down to the center of the Crucible to retrieve the unconscious and bleeding-out body of Kern, administering Heals immediately to make sure he doesn't actually slip away from everyone. I run over and grab my lip and pick it up and go, just between you and me, is there anything we can do with this? (laughter) One of the clerics looks up for a second. ""Hold it there for a moment."" And reaches out and administers a 5th-level Cure Wounds. He's making a",Medicine
Deception,"Fuck yeah! I'm here to collect my winnings, please. The Bastion laughs. ""Then you would owe me 300 gold."" No, I bet on Grog, if you remember correctly. ""No, I have it here in my ledger that you bet against your friend Grog."" Oh, he would never do that. I believe you are mistaken, actually. There must be a typo. I bet on Grog. Don't you remember? Are you casting something? Nope, I'm just doing this.",Deception
Survival,"What? You're in holding? Yeah, I'm sure. I'm a pretty big deal. What's going on? You were arrested? Why? Because Keyleth tried to do something, and I tried to talk her out of it and it didn't work out, and we're now in holding. It's fine. Oh, bullshit, you tried to talk me out of it. You tried to talk out what? I mean, I tried to help her out. Tiberius, what can you see around you? A guard looking at me. Can I track them?",Survival
Deception,"semblance of looking gruff and angry and says, ""Can I help you?"" Hi, yes. I'm looking for-- (sighs) I'm looking for a couple of people. They're actually mental patients, and they've gotten loose. Vex! Here we are! Oh! That's them, I'm afraid. ""These two cheaters over here? These are the ones you're looking for?"" Cheaters? Well, that makes sense. They don't understand normal social rules. I'm from Draconia! And I'm also... not from here. You see what I'm talking about?",Deception
Deception,"""serious offense here in the Braving Grounds."" I can imagine it would be, yes. ""However, I don't want to deal with the processing and the time it takes, so if these are ""indeed your charges and you're willing to fill out some paperwork and pay the fines right now, we'll ""relinquish them to you."" Well, what's the fine? How much was the fine? Who are you? Oh, he's my lawyer. I'm Burt Reynolds, esquire. I'm an attorney at large. I represent all manner of escaped mental patients. (laughs)",Persuasion
Investigation,"You guys are recovering from your drink. Hold on a second. No! I've had plenty of water. You're already been arrested today. I'm fine! (slurred) Scanlan has been ordering me water for the whole time has been cleared. That's right! I have already been arrested today, but I did get better. All right, so you guys are going with Percy to procure materials for forging new ammunition? Yes. All right, go ahead and make an",Investigation
Persuasion,"spittle dribbling down his chin. I can! It's as if I can see the spittle myself! Yes, indeed! ""But! For the hogshead, which-- ooh!"" And he turns around and shuffles through a bunch of pieces of burlap and sacks and pulls out what looks to be an actual dried and hollowed-out hog's head. ""To fill this? To fill this hog's head with it? This'll only cost you 426 gold pieces. ""Yes?"" How about 400 even, and you can direct me to some ore, as well? ""Ore? I do not work in ore."" I thought you might have a friend.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"""I mean, I only have about 200 pounds of iron ""ingots at the ready."" I certainly can't carry that much with me right now. Let's say about a hundred pounds' worth? ""A hundred pounds of iron ingots. I could sell it to you. Let's set the price at about 400 ""gold pieces."" Ugh, haggle him down. I'm not there. But in the back of his head, he hears your voice. We all do, at this point. Let's say 350 gold, and I promise to always shower twice before entering your home for my next purchase.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"""Oh, Vax'ildan."" (laughter) This is why he's single. ""I've heard of your work for quite some time. Show me your ways."" Illithid, all right? Beholders. Large white dragons. I know it's cool to see her flash her boobs and this one sing a song. It's all excitement and craziness and all the rock and roll that the kids are talking about. But listen to me. It's dangerous. You could die any given day. So could I, so could she, so could him. Maybe not him, but the rest of us, sure. Are you really interested in this?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"pushes you away. He pulls out of your hands and takes a few steps away and looks over his shoulder. You can see now, there's tears welling up in his eyes. He goes, ""I just wanted to be a hero."" Wait. Kynan! Kynan. Train him up. Send him on a mission. Come back when you're ready. No, send him on a mission. Come back when you're ready. Come back again. Train yourself, and I, personally, will be your mentor.",Persuasion
Sleight of Hand,"wearing this hat you can use an action to cast Disguise spell. Oh. Cast a Disguise spell? Do you have to be a spellcaster to use it? You do not have to, no. Okay. I see a shiny tool. I don't know what it does. You reach over and grab it, and it's a large set of tongs, used for gripping large, heavy pieces of metal, either for the actual forge itself, or to bend and manipulate on the workbench. I take it (yawns) and put it in the Bag of Holding.",Sleight of Hand
Deception,"long-bearded dwarven individual that met you at the actual Thunderbrand house, and had a bit of an argument with you early in your travels in Kraghammer. We've got things for you, this time, like we said we would get for you. In the Underdark. It's really inconvenient, but we have things that we need to get to you quickly. ""Now, listen here. Last we spoke, you and your friends stormed into our lair, nearly ""destroyed our precious arcane defenses of our homestead--"" He was drinking. He's an alcoholic. He's got help since then.",Deception
Persuasion,"(in same accent as Matt) Of course. Oh, sorry, I started to sound like you. (laughter) Bring me another accent, aye. Of course. I wouldn't expect you to. I'm Tiberius Stormwind, from Draconia. My father Kruvanis Stormwind has helped the Council for over two generations. We come from a noble house, and I give you my word that I will never abuse-- abuse?-- however you pronounce it in your tongue. The privilege of quickly traveling to your stead to do business with you, and there would be no other intrusion otherwise. I guarantee it as my name as a Stormwind.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"easy-to-follow introduction to a number of various low-level sorceries and the creation of low-level spell components preparing them for use with spell-casting, and there is a chapter on a little bit of alchemy. Okay, how much are these, Sherri? ""They haven't been priced, yet."" I mean, they're-- they're all right. Good going, Keyleth! I like it! ""25 gold, each."" 25 gold, each? Oh, come on. I know some university student dropped these off and donated these. Don't kid me, Sherri. Am I doing it right? Do I sound like Vex?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"with spell-casting, and there is a chapter on a little bit of alchemy. Okay, how much are these, Sherri? ""They haven't been priced, yet."" I mean, they're-- they're all right. Good going, Keyleth! I like it! ""25 gold, each."" 25 gold, each? Oh, come on. I know some university student dropped these off and donated these. Don't kid me, Sherri. Am I doing it right? Do I sound like Vex? Make a persuasion roll. Damn it! I was about to say, make her do a",Persuasion
Persuasion,"glint in your eye and beauty in your heart, I'm sure you have many skills I don't know about, but I'm wondering if you could identify this small, red vial with a floating something in it, that I procured quite some time ago! Do you remember that? Yes. This vial, if I recall, it has this small-- Have I tried this, once before? No, this is the one that was found-- Me and Pike found some stuff in somebody's house? I don't even remember, this was a year ago. Right. Yes, okay. There we go. And make a",Persuasion
Perception,"Yeah, you guys are right outside. When he comes out, I cast Minor Illusion to make it look like I have a long gray beard. (laughter) Can we go home now, please, Tiberius? Yes. Sorry. Any other stops you'd like to make? The dry-cleaners, perhaps? Prestidigitation. Oh, that's great. Now let's go night-night so you can cast a spell on us. All right, you guys head back to the keep. While they're doing that, I stealth away from the group.",Stealth
Stealth,"Tomorrow, we'll get to whatever it is you want to craft then. You go off and manage to make your way to the upper slums. Yes. I see a stunted old woman and stop her on the street and say, Grandmother. I'm looking for Harold the butcher. Do you know where I can find him? ""Best I can gather, he'd be around that way."" She points you, and the breath is awful. She's missing teeth, but her crooked finger curves off to the side, and you can see across the way, next to a homestead or hovel, there is a very humble-looking butcher that is currently in the process of closing shop.",Stealth
Investigation,"he sat down, and then he left through the door across the way from you, and there is a door that been unopened. There's one other door? That's the one. Okay. You push open the door very quietly. It makes a little creaking sound, but you stop. Peering inside, it's dark. There appears to be a bed. There's a small table. There's what looks like an old pair of boots that are worn out on the side. It looks like a bedroom that nobody's currently in. And there's no sign that this is a youth's bedroom or father's bedroom? What can I glean from what I see in here?",Investigation
Persuasion,"We were on an adventure-- I pull out the carpet out of my Bag of Holding. And this carpet was enchanted once with the ability to fly, and it helped us many times in many adventures. It was de-chanted, I guess, if you want to say it. And we need it re-chanted. And I thought that House Thunderbrand would be a strong enough house to have the ability to do such a thing. Maybe not as it seems. And I hand him the amulet as I'm saying this. He takes the amulet. And not as a trade, but as a favor for just the effort, or maybe because I'm not strong enough as a sorcerer myself to do it.",Persuasion
Deception,"Oh it was? That is so weird, I remember 30. ""I don't even know what you fought. If you're going to collect your money, tell me what ""the hell you freaking killed."" Mind flayers! A beholder! Have you heard of a beholder? ""You fought a beholder?"" We fought a fucking beholder. ""Really? And you're all still alive?"" Well no, not all of us. If you'll recall there were more of us when we came down here. And some of us aren't here because they died. I start pretending to cry.",Deception
Persuasion,"They were mind controlled. It was crazy, we're not just making this up. It really happened. There were these wrinkled testicles that were walking around on feet. He almost died! Just from this one little brain. Strange thing. If you're stupid, and it looks at you with its wrinkled testicle face? You go unconscious. ""I know the creatures you speak of. I've dealt with my share of duergar, though--"" I completely stayed away from it, because I was terrified.",Persuasion
Stealth,"probably the first goliath to have facial hair. It's a full, we're talking Portland man. Oh no. Another thing that I did was go off and get a lathering cream, and the second to last night, after I took Grog out to the tavern, I bought him a lot of drinks. I assume dodge. I didn't shave off his whole beard. Only half of it. I just became the most handsome man in the world. Do not shave his fucking beard off. This much.",Stealth
Stealth,"a lathering cream, and the second to last night, after I took Grog out to the tavern, I bought him a lot of drinks. I assume dodge. I didn't shave off his whole beard. Only half of it. I just became the most handsome man in the world. Do not shave his fucking beard off. This much. Make a stealth check. Make a perception check. You just broke a mechanical pencil! (laughter) DM? I rolled a natural 20. I have advantage",Stealth
Perception,"(laughter) DM? I rolled a natural 20. I have advantage on stealth checks, and I rolled an 18 and a 20. Natural 20. Sleeping soundly, drunk, you do not hear the approach of Vax. As you pull out your blade and get ready, I want you to roll a sleight of hand check. After the 20? One thing to not be noticed. It's another to shave someone's face without being noticed. This is about stillness of fingers, not just how stealthy you can be. I'm using Luck. Okay, so I rolled a 21.",Stealth
Deception,"As you approach, you make yourselves known. The guards lead you to the front area of the palace. The sun's just starting to hit the distant side of the water of the Ozmit Sea to the west of Emon. As you guys finish talking to the front guard that you've arrived, Seeker Asum steps out of the front of the palace and sees you. ""Very good. Glad you could make it. Please enter. I will ""wish to speak with you briefly before the event this evening."" Of course. ""Are you missing anyone?"" Oh, yes. Percy wasn't feeling very well. He ended up staying home.",Persuasion
Deception,"best not to cause a scene during the meal, as I ""need that time as a distraction to do my own digging."" Yes. ""Vax."" Yes? ""You're light of step and quick to fade. Would you wish to join me on this or ""stay with the dinner party?"" I'll stay with the dinner party. I wish to observe. He also has a bit of a cold. I wish to observe the Briarwoods myself.",Deception
Perception,"them. ""Wait in your quarters be ready, the meal ""should be ready within the hour. If you would be so kind as to prepare yourselves, relax, unwind, ""set up your rooms. You're to stay for a few days at the very least. But we shall call you when the ""meal is ready."" At which Lord Sylas Briarwood turns to him and says, ""I greatly appreciate the ""information. Just come to our room and let us know when the food is ready. Now, come, my dear"" Can I keep an eye on them as they're walking to their room? Just as long as I can see their mouths moving, I can read their lips. I also want to scan their entourage to see if I recognize any faces.",Perception
Perception,"them. ""Wait in your quarters be ready, the meal ""should be ready within the hour. If you would be so kind as to prepare yourselves, relax, unwind, ""set up your rooms. You're to stay for a few days at the very least. But we shall call you when the ""meal is ready."" At which Lord Sylas Briarwood turns to him and says, ""I greatly appreciate the ""information. Just come to our room and let us know when the food is ready. Now, come, my dear"" Can I keep an eye on them as they're walking to their room? Just as long as I can see their mouths moving, I can read their lips. I also want to scan their entourage to see if I recognize any faces.",Perception
Insight,"Real Vax or Vaxy? Real Vax. Because my thing is wearing off, buddy. I've been scanning the crowd. Have I noticed anything over the past hour of any of our people? Any locals, any council members, who may be acting a little shifty? Looking about, the council is roughly stepping in and out of the area like they're getting ready for the dinner and arriving from the Cloudtop district. Any of them breaking a sweat? Acting weird? Yeah. I want to check out this, too.",Insight
Insight,"I intend to be behind them, but what's behind them, like? What's behind them is just open space and servants. There's probably a good 25 servants here that are just like sitting there patiently, lying in wait for-- And behind the servants is a wall so there's lots of open busy crowded space? Okay. And tables. There's like other unused tables in this great hall that are just out there. Four other ones. All right. I'm going to drink the potion of climbing that Grog gave me, and I'm spidering up the wall and I'd love, while listening to all this",Investigation
Insight,"""We've been at Whitestone for the better part of-- I can't even remember."" And Lord Briarwood looks, he goes, ""Best I can recall, four or five years. It was an unfortunate ""mantle to pick up but we've done what we can in honor of the passed de Rolo family."" Oh, sorry. I was just going to ask, you seem such a lovely couple. Do you have any children? ""We unfortunately do not. It seems it was not in the cards for us to bear. However, we ""consider many of our esteemed servants and house guests our extended family. So we can leave a ""legacy, however we can possibly do so.""",Persuasion
Insight,"Just right out with it. ""That is an impressive feat, young Keyleth."" We should just lead with that. And we killed an illithid once, as well. ""Slain a beholder? Uriel, you keep in the presence of some mighty heroes."" Uriel goes, (chuckles) ""They are proven allies. I mean, if you utilize their assistance. That would ""be very possible. May have something coming up that I could use them for myself, but we'll ""discuss in time. Nevertheless, the meal continues."" She smiles and looks back at you.",Insight
Insight,"Keyleth."" We should just lead with that. And we killed an illithid once, as well. ""Slain a beholder? Uriel, you keep in the presence of some mighty heroes."" Uriel goes, (chuckles) ""They are proven allies. I mean, if you utilize their assistance. That would ""be very possible. May have something coming up that I could use them for myself, but we'll ""discuss in time. Nevertheless, the meal continues."" She smiles and looks back at you. Can I do an insight check to see if that look at Percy-not-Percy was--",Insight
Insight,"We should just lead with that. And we killed an illithid once, as well. ""Slain a beholder? Uriel, you keep in the presence of some mighty heroes."" Uriel goes, (chuckles) ""They are proven allies. I mean, if you utilize their assistance. That would ""be very possible. May have something coming up that I could use them for myself, but we'll ""discuss in time. Nevertheless, the meal continues."" She smiles and looks back at you. Can I do an insight check to see if that look at Percy-not-Percy was-- You can make an insight check, sure.",Insight
Arcana,"""be very possible. May have something coming up that I could use them for myself, but we'll ""discuss in time. Nevertheless, the meal continues."" She smiles and looks back at you. Can I do an insight check to see if that look at Percy-not-Percy was-- You can make an insight check, sure. Can you? Can you make an insight check? I don't think you can. She looked interesting. You're distracted by the pattern, the brocade across her torso area. You know, you could roll lower if you tried.",Arcana
Arcana,"Can I do an insight check to see if that look at Percy-not-Percy was-- You can make an insight check, sure. Can you? Can you make an insight check? I don't think you can. She looked interesting. You're distracted by the pattern, the brocade across her torso area. You know, you could roll lower if you tried. I want to do an arcana check on them. What are you checking for? If they're armed with anything that has arcane properties.",Arcana
Stealth,"Okay. You gather across the ceiling as you go. You watch them head up the stairway to the second floor. They head to the right, down a long hallway, a series of doors. They come up to a door, where there are two guards standing outside. The same guards that led them inside the building, and were riding on horseback. Could I Hunter's Mark him before they go in their bedroom? Hunter's Mark is technically a minor spell. You could try it. I mean they're walking away, when their back is turned, could I do it when they're not paying attention?",Perception
Deception,"dark wood, has a purple cloth silk canopy that drifts down around it. And on the far end, you can see now, against one of the tables, is Lady Briarwood is currently taking jewelry off of one of her arms while Lord Briarwood is right by the bed, holding on to the post, like he's just walked over to that area. They're both at the bed? They're both at the bed. I got a 25 for stealth and it didn't work? They're both looking in your direction. All right. Oh, sorry. Sorry, I heard a noise in here. I work for the city. I apologize. That was really stupid. As you were. I walk out.",Deception
Deception,"21. You feel an extension of the sheer unnatural force of charisma that attempts to penetrate beyond the usual slippery mind that Vax holds to such a high esteem... However, you manage to resist it and feel it wash over you as the slight tingling vanishes and the effect has left you unaffected by whatever he was attempting to try. Ooh. What was he trying? Who knows? There's a brief moment as he looks you over. What do you need? Yes. That's so smart. ""There now. Be a good boy."" Looks over. I",Deception
Deception,"unnatural force of charisma that attempts to penetrate beyond the usual slippery mind that Vax holds to such a high esteem... However, you manage to resist it and feel it wash over you as the slight tingling vanishes and the effect has left you unaffected by whatever he was attempting to try. Ooh. What was he trying? Who knows? There's a brief moment as he looks you over. What do you need? Yes. That's so smart. ""There now. Be a good boy."" Looks over. I need you to make a deception check.",Deception
Acrobatics,"There's a window. Last week, you said there was a window to the courtyard. There are two windows on each side of the room there. Okay. I'm running straight at the window, and as I run-- yeah, past them, and I don't go anywhere near her, and I'm using dash, and I'm leaping out the window and saying, jenga. Jenga! (window breaking) As you run past, you can see there's this moment where it's almost like they are letting it happen. There is no momentary aggression or frustration to this as you dart and (crashing) out the window falling from the second",Perception
Intimidation,"scream, and is turned to ash, his charred armor left clattering across the ground. What about the door? Both doors are blown open from the force of the explosion. A large portion of the room is currently singed with black. What's your fly speed? 30 feet. That's as far as you can get. Can that dude see me from where I am? He can currently see you, yeah. Good. I turn to him and I'm like, you better get the hell out of my way! And that's my turn.",Intimidation
Acrobatics,"I'll get to that shortly. You're rushing as fast as you can. You exited the front of the palace and spent your whole turn rushing as fast as you can around the side. It's a long distance, putting all your energy into it. I have a very long range. You have no visual, unfortunately. That brings us to Sylas. That dick! All right. No, sorry. Before Sylas is the Seeker. Seeker Asum. Seeker Awesome? Asum! He's pretty awesome. He's going to leap down here. He's going to make his own",Acrobatics
Insight,"Dexterity saving throw, you said? As my eagle form, right? 12? 12? Okay, that's fine. You clip a wing. It hurts, and you wince at the impact, but you manage to make your way in there. As you come down, you grab Scanlan, but there's not a lot of room here to get much lift or air, so you're now clutching your gnome. Do I get a save? Do you not want to be grabbed by her? Well, I don't know she's there. I don't know what's grabbing me. You've seen me turn into an eagle. I'm not even looking at you.",Athletics
Insight,"eagle form, right? 12? 12? Okay, that's fine. You clip a wing. It hurts, and you wince at the impact, but you manage to make your way in there. As you come down, you grab Scanlan, but there's not a lot of room here to get much lift or air, so you're now clutching your gnome. Do I get a save? Do you not want to be grabbed by her? Well, I don't know she's there. I don't know what's grabbing me. You've seen me turn into an eagle. I'm not even looking at you. Make an insight check.",Athletics
Athletics,"to get much lift or air, so you're now clutching your gnome. Do I get a save? Do you not want to be grabbed by her? Well, I don't know she's there. I don't know what's grabbing me. You've seen me turn into an eagle. I'm not even looking at you. Make an insight check. Insight check? Okay. Not good. Five. Five. Okay, you see this giant eagle come screeching into the room, talons out, and starts coming at you with talons. Be mindful of that. It's technically now a grapple contest, so go",Athletics
Athletics,"your gnome. Do I get a save? Do you not want to be grabbed by her? Well, I don't know she's there. I don't know what's grabbing me. You've seen me turn into an eagle. I'm not even looking at you. Make an insight check. Insight check? Okay. Not good. Five. Five. Okay, you see this giant eagle come screeching into the room, talons out, and starts coming at you with talons. Be mindful of that. It's technically now a grapple contest, so go ahead and make an athletics check.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"what's grabbing me. You've seen me turn into an eagle. I'm not even looking at you. Make an insight check. Insight check? Okay. Not good. Five. Five. Okay, you see this giant eagle come screeching into the room, talons out, and starts coming at you with talons. Be mindful of that. It's technically now a grapple contest, so go ahead and make an athletics check. An athletics check with my eagle. Is that dex or strength? It would be strength. 19.",Athletics
Athletics,"(laughs) All right, that's going to be a total of 11. To do what? To grapple check? Do I have to roll, too? To attempt to grapple you, yeah. So I roll, as well. You don't have to. Yeah, fuck that guy. Yeah, so it missed entirely. All right, so that's with his first strike. Second one, he's going to go for another attempted grapple on you. With disadvantage, that comes to 18. For hitting? For hitting you. All right. And now he's",Athletics
Intimidation,"The guard gives you a look and says, ""As far as we know right now, you both, all of you, ""attacked two of our guests in the center of our own palace. They managed to flee. We're going to ""investigate this. Currently we're holding no one at immediate prison sentence for this, but--"" You realize your lord would not be alive now were it not for us, don't you? Also, you're a common guard. I'm speaking because Tiberius would say this, and he's not here right now because he's a little stupid at the moment, but do not interfere with the businesses that we have already arranged with people who have higher authority than you. Back off.",Intimidation
Medicine,"rest of you, as the guards back away, you're left alone and the rest of the group are looking upon you in a curious way. Vampires! And a tiefling. I want to inspect the carriage to see if there's anything interesting about the carriage. Are you hurt? Did they do anything to you? You were unconscious. They bit me. I search him and look for any mark. I don't feel right. I think I need to go to a temple. Can I do a health check on him?",Medicine
Investigation,"alone and the rest of the group are looking upon you in a curious way. Vampires! And a tiefling. I want to inspect the carriage to see if there's anything interesting about the carriage. Are you hurt? Did they do anything to you? You were unconscious. They bit me. I search him and look for any mark. I don't feel right. I think I need to go to a temple. Can I do a health check on him? You can make a medicine check, sure. Percy,",Medicine
Nature,"cast Prestidigitation on his butt. What the-- Oh. You're clean  don't worry. Okay. As you bring Vax forward, the cleric leans forward. ""What is wrong with this one?"" He was bitten by something quite unholy. ""Oh. The good news is, if you're standing here, then most of the danger is gone. However, ""there might be some residual of the infection."" He leans forward and inspects it for a second, reaches into his pouch and pulls out some herbs and presses them into it. It burns a little bit. Ooh, do I recognize what herbs he's using?",Nature
Nature,"What the-- Oh. You're clean  don't worry. Okay. As you bring Vax forward, the cleric leans forward. ""What is wrong with this one?"" He was bitten by something quite unholy. ""Oh. The good news is, if you're standing here, then most of the danger is gone. However, ""there might be some residual of the infection."" He leans forward and inspects it for a second, reaches into his pouch and pulls out some herbs and presses them into it. It burns a little bit. Ooh, do I recognize what herbs he's using? Make a nature check.",Nature
Persuasion,"Sorry! Is that blessed holy water? I'm sorry. I'll pay for that. ""I'm happy to hear that she has continued carrying her faith to distant lands, and that she ""has recovered well since our last meeting."" She has. She's thriving. ""Good."" And one more thing before we leave. If you need any items, be they gear or blades, go to Gilmore's! Gilmore's Glorious Goods! Today! You don't have to sell it-- We're supposed to plug him, right? I don't know.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"I feel bad for him. (laughter) Okay, I'm going to do something weird here and I'm going to hold you onto this. I'm going to get a little weird, and I'm taking straight chest shots and I'm just firing chest shots, and I'm just making a hole the size of a baseball in his chest. And as it happens, as I keep unloading, the gun still breaks and I'm still pulling the trigger. (booming, gasping, coughing) (yelling) You fool, your soul is forfeit! Die! Die! I'm going to look at the other two and start pulling out my bigger gun.",Intimidation
Persuasion,"one around to tell us now? What'd be the point? I will kill this man unless you give me a good reason not to. I look at him and I ask, this? My sisters, they are responsible for this? He gives you a look for a second. ""I've been this my whole life. They gave me purpose. I follow ""them, and you've hurt the Mistresses."" That is true. I did do something similar to Bellenore's face. But they will not give you purpose. You are better out of their shadow. Trust me, I know. You should find better purpose for yourself. Go. Be free. I doubt that they will trouble you any more.",Persuasion
Religion,"Yes! ""Now, I am quite disturbed by the events of these past 14 hours, and I would like to hear an ""explanation. Arbiter, if you could please, prepare the space."" Arbiter Brom steps forward and pulls forth from underneath his robes a necklace that contains a holy symbol. The same symbol you saw across the temple beneath the Slayer's Take, an eye-like inscription of the god Ioun. Brom grasps it, looks about you all, and prepares this slight hand gesture, and you feel a slight tingle across the skin that lasts a few seconds. Can I recognize the spell he's casting? I'll say go ahead and make a-- this would be",Religion
Insight,"line of the thrones. I want all of you guys to roll charisma saving throws. Son of a bitch. Always a problem. 19. 11. I get advantage, and I rolled a 27. (laughs) Okay. Bards. 19. 13. 18. All right. Good to know. Uriel then looks to the rest of you. ""So. I've said my piece for the ""moment. Explain."" I step forward.",Insight
Insight,"19. 11. I get advantage, and I rolled a 27. (laughs) Okay. Bards. 19. 13. 18. All right. Good to know. Uriel then looks to the rest of you. ""So. I've said my piece for the ""moment. Explain."" I step forward. Can I do a quick insight check on Asum to see if I can still recognize if he's still affected by the mind-control thing?",Insight
Insight,"Ability on your-- Self. What ability? To enhance wisdom? Wisdom. Okay. You reach out with Greater Restoration. You complete the ritual. You touch onto the arms of Asum. It fades, and you see in his eyes there's a moment of clarity and an inhale. A slight gasp, like some realization hits him and his expression changes and looks towards you and just goes-- He puts his hands out like this for a moment, just trying to almost tell you something. Go ahead and make a wisdom check. Just a d20. Or no, make an insight. Make a straight",Insight
Persuasion,Where's that other guy? He was more receptive to this. Do I see that other guy? Darling. Seriously. The guards all turn around and start ascending the stairs. It's on all the fan art. It really makes sense to have it on me. They don't appear to be listening. Keep an eye out for it. 100 gold to any chap who finds it and holds onto it for me. Two of them stop in their step for a second and then keep walking. I'm a nice guy! (laughter),Persuasion
Insight,"""I know you come of noble blood, and many of you stand to inspire many others of noble blood. ""As celebrated heroes of this city, there is a lot more on the line here besides just your ""well-being. There's a lot of people in this town that look up to you. Nevertheless, I've already ""said more than I should. Good luck."" Thank you, Allura. She looks behind and you can see she takes this small hood of the same material of her robe that she's wearing and puts it up over her head and rushes off towards her white tower towards the edge of the Cloudtop District. Fucking politics.",Insight
Insight,"older couple waiting at the gate. A man and a woman, dressed in simple clothes, weathered skin. And as you go out to them, they both smile. We hate old people. (laughter) Who are you? Favored enemy! They begin walking up, and the man steps forward. You can see he's got small dirty glasses at the end of his nose and says, ""Hello, hello! Good afternoon, everyone! I'm sorry to be a ""bother. But unless my eyes and tales do deceive me, might you all be the heroes known as Vox ""Machina?""",Insight
Nature,"mess or signs of dire wolves. Nothing! We ""suspected thieves, initially, but we sent up our neighbor's boy Kyle to watch over them until ""sunrise and he saw the culprit. From what he described, a giant bird, larger than anything he's ""ever seen or heard of."" Ben then takes over the conversation, ""Wings at least ten carts long, tip to tip. Just swooped ""down, he said, without sound and in one motion snatched up one of our most virile bulls. Mr. ""Simms, just gone like that!"" Mr. Simms? ""That was the bull."" Riley says, ""Kyle said he saw it fly northwest.""",Nature
Investigation,"time. Dirt streaked on his face and spatters of dried blood from the blast of the gun. I go ahead and I administer Cure Wounds. The wound at this point has been cauterized. You cast Cure Wounds as he starts to come to consciousness, in a heap on the ground. (coughs) It appears he may be healed of any damage he may still be sustaining from that, but the fingers are gone. This is beyond the magic you're capable of. He comes to consciousness on the ground, dirtied, sore. Essentially broken before you. Does he look like he's been bitten at all? You want to inspect? Can I look at his neck?",Investigation
Insight,"sore. Essentially broken before you. Does he look like he's been bitten at all? You want to inspect? Can I look at his neck? Go ahead and make an investigation check. 20. Okay. You don't have a whole lot of medicinal experience, but you take a moment and inspect both sides of his neck, tilting his head side-to-side, as he's groaning and coming to. ""What's going on?"" Looking at the sides of his neck, there does not appear to be any sign of any puncture wounds, anything that would be reminiscent of what your brother currently is healing from.",Insight
Intimidation,"anywhere? ""No. "" Have you managed to hit it with your crossbow? ""I've missed."" And you're certain this is a feathered beast, or no? ""Best I can see. It's dark out here at that time of night and it looks like a bird. It doesn't ""make any noise and swoops on down and takes them away and flies off in that direction."" I've heard that those giant birds are attracted to red-headed, 19-year-old, scruffy-chin folk with crossbows.",Insight
Acrobatics,"low light of the night. Is it our turn yet? It now comes to Scanlan's turn. Okay. I Dimension Door. What's the range on Dimension Door? 500 feet. You-- and appear where? Where do you want to appear? On it. On its back. Okay. You appear right on its back. You immediately land and start sliding back as the wind is pushing on you. The feathers themselves, due to the aerodynamic nature of its flight path  it's a lot of wind resistance against you.",Perception
Acrobatics,"What's the range on Dimension Door? 500 feet. You-- and appear where? Where do you want to appear? On it. On its back. Okay. You appear right on its back. You immediately land and start sliding back as the wind is pushing on you. The feathers themselves, due to the aerodynamic nature of its flight path  it's a lot of wind resistance against you. Oh, make an acrobatics check. Shush! What the hell?! No, I was going there. Don't worry. That's what it is. You need to go ahead and make an",Perception
Athletics,"You're only at the speed that the arcane nature of the spell can take you. I'm just saying. Your metabolism's real fast. Your heartbeat's hummingbirding it. But you're still only going 120 feet. So as you guys follow behind, you can see now, after a while on the edge of the shoreline, not too far from Emon-- maybe what would normally be from horseback or a brisk walk, a half day's travel-- you eventually come upon the-- There it is! You come upon the coastal mountains known as the Shoreline Summit. It's a series of unusually steep mountain bluffs that hug the coastline, northwest of Emon. As you get closer, and at this point you've lost sight of the bird. Scanlan, I",Athletics
Stealth,"I'm a pterodactyl, so-- Yeah, let's go for the element of surprise. Well, technically, we're all still cows. Yes. And you guys cannot talk because you're actually in creature forms. All right. Well, I'm going to try to stealth. Mountains are my favored terrain! They are! Do you want to go onto the mountain itself, or are you still flying amongst them? Oh, I'll still fly. So you would not get the advantage because air is not your favored terrain. So everyone who",Stealth
Stealth,"Okay. You guys have 12 seconds before you all plummet. Oh wait! No! I don't do that. Damn it! I forget we're still flying. What part of the flying part did you forget? I thought we'd landed already. Are you guys all going with Vex, or are you all staying back and she's going on her own? Are we going to lose Fly, or do we keep it? Are you casting Greater Invisibility? No. Then no, you're fine.",Stealth
Stealth,"all plummet. Oh wait! No! I don't do that. Damn it! I forget we're still flying. What part of the flying part did you forget? I thought we'd landed already. Are you guys all going with Vex, or are you all staying back and she's going on her own? Are we going to lose Fly, or do we keep it? Are you casting Greater Invisibility? No. Then no, you're fine. Is it the same stealth roll or an additional",Stealth
Stealth,"Oh wait! No! I don't do that. Damn it! I forget we're still flying. What part of the flying part did you forget? I thought we'd landed already. Are you guys all going with Vex, or are you all staying back and she's going on her own? Are we going to lose Fly, or do we keep it? Are you casting Greater Invisibility? No. Then no, you're fine. Is it the same stealth roll or an additional stealth roll to go forward at this point?",Stealth
Perception,"approaching. Oh. Well, I mean, I knew I rolled shitty. You don't know you rolled shitty. I'm going in. All right. So Vex and Grog, you approach. Gliding cows, drifting through the night sky. This is so stupid. Hoof in hoof. Okay, yeah. So you guys all realize you must keep close together to Tiberius as you come in. Keeping too much of a distance would be a bad thing. You come upon the underneath portion of this outcropping, and you can see within a quick",Perception
Arcana,"Fly? Oh, here. I got it. No! There is no range on it. You just touch them. So you're fine. Yeah. As long as you're concentrating on it, you're fine. So we're within 60 feet? Well, you guys have been keeping a little more of a distance down here. However, at this point, as you guys are all encroaching and Scanlan's gone overhead, a voice rings out against the darkness, ""Flying cows? Really? I care not for this insolence. If you've come to mock me or fight ""me, do it now! Or leave this creature alone!"" What? Where are you? Who are you? Who said that?",Stealth
Arcana,"So we're within 60 feet? Well, you guys have been keeping a little more of a distance down here. However, at this point, as you guys are all encroaching and Scanlan's gone overhead, a voice rings out against the darkness, ""Flying cows? Really? I care not for this insolence. If you've come to mock me or fight ""me, do it now! Or leave this creature alone!"" What? Where are you? Who are you? Who said that? I rolled an arcana check of 17 of my surroundings-- where it's coming from. Ditto. I try to perceive where it's coming from.",Stealth
Perception,"it? The voice comes out again, ""Your nature ""confuses me and your words seem ill-informed. If you're not going to come to speak of discourse, ""I'm going to assume that that you're my enemy."" Then, as he's saying that, I'll approach. So Tiberius cow goes. And as I approach the thing, I'm going to Dispel Magic on myself. Okay. Cool. For Dispel Magic, I need you to go ahead, just for the sake of this-- I won't consider it contested because you're allies in this thing. So you land. Tiberius' form shimmers and returns back to that of a dragonborn, and you're standing there on the precipice. Go ahead",Persuasion
Stealth,"So it's awake? It's awake, and it looks hurt. The voice is like, ""You come here masqueraded as whatever ""manner of beasts that you are--"" Cows. We were cows. ""After tormenting and severely wounding this beautiful creature."" We didn't do anything to the creature. No, we were-- This creature was stealing the farmer's cows, and the farmers were saying, ""You've taken our livestock,"" which is hurting the farm. We came to help them and we posed as cows, and then your bird took our-- While he's blithering, can I make an",Stealth
Perception,"I whack him in the back of the head. No! It's just Barkskin! It's just defense! He doesn't know. All right. So you cow stealth up to the side of this guy. Let's get ready to rumble. All right. Go ahead and make an attack. I pause. You pause? You are currently now crouched right behind the edge of this nest, and you can't even actually see the guy anymore because in order to get up there, you've come underneath to stay hidden and you're just there behind. Can I see Vax? No. Well, actually go ahead and roll a",Stealth
Persuasion,"I turn back to Byron-- And say, ow. Yeah, and go, that hurt. Now. Please listen to me. Please, please listen to me. We did come here to kill the giant creature. ""I had assumed."" But upon seeing the situation, upon approach, realized the situation and decided amongst all of us that we did not want to bring such a great creature to its death. Scanlan, you've landed by now. A pterodactyl. A cow-looking pterodactyl. As he swoops, I've never seen anything quite like it.",Persuasion
Deception,"tell you of that alternative. Yes! See, your creature is rather large and powerful, yes? You have a rather strong bond with him, which is quite unique with such a unique looking creature. I was setting you up for an awesome one-liner, man! You were supposed to be like, the other option is death. Ask him if he's considered Whitestone? Whitestone? Yeah! Well, I guess there's a couple of options, really. There's this town Whitestone that's pretty great and has a lot of livestock that this creature can consume. Yeah, I don't know about that.",Deception
Persuasion,"exchange for free food for your friend. ""You, dragon man, are adorably naive of the ways of men and those that lie and deceive. I have ""yet to have met any civilized people who have kept their word when it came to creatures like this."" Can I come forward? All right. What about Vasselheim? Not in the city, but outside of it. There's plentiful forests, tons of giant creatures it could feed on. That's right! That's true! That actually is fairly true. There's so many monsters out there, they don't hunt them all because there's too many. That's a wonderful idea, Vex. Yes!",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Can we kill this thing now? You guys are doing awesome. I feel like I've done pretty damn good! Come on, man! I start speaking in Gnome to him. Listen. Earlier, you said that this place was perfect. It was safe. There were no large predators. Well, you're looking at six large predators. We'll keep hunting you down and hunting your beast down until you get out of here. This is your one and only warning. You must leave, and you must leave now. We're giving you a good choice, a safe choice. We can help you get there and be safe there. But if you don't listen to us, we'll start killing.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"doing awesome. I feel like I've done pretty damn good! Come on, man! I start speaking in Gnome to him. Listen. Earlier, you said that this place was perfect. It was safe. There were no large predators. Well, you're looking at six large predators. We'll keep hunting you down and hunting your beast down until you get out of here. This is your one and only warning. You must leave, and you must leave now. We're giving you a good choice, a safe choice. We can help you get there and be safe there. But if you don't listen to us, we'll start killing. Make a persuasion roll.",Persuasion
Arcana,"All right, awesome. Do I add my wisdom to that? You add your wisdom modifier. Then it's 20. That's good to know. All right, cool. All right. How's that sandwich? Desmond isn't eating it. He's just holding it and still taking in. ""What happened? What was ""that?! Look, what was that thing?"" Yeah, what was that thing? What was that thing? I would say opaque buttholes. Can we do a check?",Perception
Arcana,"Do I add my wisdom to that? You add your wisdom modifier. Then it's 20. That's good to know. All right, cool. All right. How's that sandwich? Desmond isn't eating it. He's just holding it and still taking in. ""What happened? What was ""that?! Look, what was that thing?"" Yeah, what was that thing? What was that thing? I would say opaque buttholes. Can we do a check? Make an arcana check.",Perception
Arcana,"What was that thing? I would say opaque buttholes. Can we do a check? Make an arcana check. I'll make an arcana check, too. How did you get two? I rolled one by accident. If you rolled by accident, you have to roll intentionally to take the score. Because if you were to accidentally roll really bad, you'd be like, ""That doesn't count! I didn't actually ""roll."" A hard 12. Total of 12?",Arcana
Persuasion,"as a bunkmate is a good idea. At this point, Desmond leans into you and quietly says in your ear, Vax, he goes, ""Is where ""I'm sleeping going to be away from him?"" He looks over towards Percy. Yeah, totally away from him. It's fine. You'll have him in between you and him. You don't hear that  it's whispered to Vax. There is a lot of history for Percy wrapped up in this and he has done you wrong, no question. But the answer is yes. You will be separate from Percival. You will be protected. And you have my word.",Persuasion
Stealth,"morning or so. It's just after sunrise  you guys haven't even slept yet. Oh. Shit. Never mind, I'll talk to you once we've slept. Go back to sleep. I didn't realize what time it was! I thought it was 10:00 AM, which is totally different than 6:00 AM. I didn't know that. ""It's all right. All right. In the morning then, Master Tiberius."" And he goes off to his bed to sleep. We go to sleep? Yeah, we need to sleep. I gently fall asleep under Percy's workbench, where I've been hiding this whole time.",Stealth
Perception,"All right, so. As the rest of you go to sleep-- I'm going to go into my workshop. On my way up, I fall in next to Keyleth. Ask, is your hand all right? It's fine. Do you need anything? Nope. Since he's sleeping in the room with me, I take a few of the caltrops that I have and I put them on the inside of the doorway before I close it. Okay. So you guys are doing your setup there. Percy, you're in your workshop. Go ahead and",Perception
Perception,"""I believe that's what it's called in some circles. I'm trying a few new things!"" Can I make a beard check? I'm going to take some food and feed it to Lockheed and roll for my animal handling for the day. 66. No effect, unfortunately. Just a little tingle? There is a slight tingle, but it's mostly a placebo. (laughter) As you guys are having your meals and you're trying and you're feeding food, teaching this,",Perception
Insight,"""So that would be a way to clear your name and clear his head."" Let's do that. Percival-- What of eight days instead of two weeks? Oh, sorry. Percival, what do you think we should do? Go seek revenge on your family and get some blood on our hands, Briarwood blood? Or do the sneaky thing and try to-- Please, we need your input. You know them better than anyone. I really don't. I think we're here because I wasn't prepared.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"But a lot more eloquently than that. Or not. ""I can try my best."" That would be lovely. I go up to his arm, and I Druidcraft a wooden armband. Make it look cool. And put that on him. Onto Tiberius? No, onto Asum. Now I can scry through that. That way I can at least check in on you every once in a while. If you're okay with that? I could've shat on him and had the same effect.",Persuasion
Investigation,"Can I get a loaner on that? I've got about 230 gold. I thought you said you were going to be brief. (laughs) On my own. I thought we got a bit of an allowance. It's a week, so I get some gold from these people and I go and I don't even know what they said. I'm getting ten wooden stakes for myself. 20, technically, because Tiberius requested ten. Those will cost you a total of two gold. That's what I thought. And what did you want? I wanted some holy arrows.",Persuasion
Perception,"""That's certainly unfortunate, isn't it?"" Have you seen a snake called Simon? Or any snake? Both the guards look at each other and laugh for a second. ""Piss off."" Okay. Chore number four. (laughter) I go back. I give everybody their things. I would like to spend the rest of the week, because I am ready, hanging out across the road from the butcher's house that Kynan ran from, and if there are any youths his age who go there to shop, I would like to ask as they leave if they have any idea where he's gone.",Persuasion
Perception,"Have you seen a snake called Simon? Or any snake? Both the guards look at each other and laugh for a second. ""Piss off."" Okay. Chore number four. (laughter) I go back. I give everybody their things. I would like to spend the rest of the week, because I am ready, hanging out across the road from the butcher's house that Kynan ran from, and if there are any youths his age who go there to shop, I would like to ask as they leave if they have any idea where he's gone. Okay. Make a perception check.",Perception
Deception,"eventually come across a boy that looks about his age. Late teens, maybe early twenties. Comes by and gathers a little bit of meat and rushes off and you stop him. Excuse me, I'm sorry to take you away from your day. I'm sorry, what is your name? ""Jameson."" Jameson. ""Yeah, can I help you? I've really got to get home with this."" I understand, I'll just take a second of your time. I owe a boy who lives here named Kynan, I owe him a few silver and I want to see that he gets it. Is he in town?",Persuasion
Investigation,"rocking (creaking) with the wind. I don't think this looks very stable. Man, you know what I would give for a flying fucking carpet right now? So the bridge is out? No, the bridge can be crossed. It looks a little rickety. It's not terrible or frightening, but it's been there for a while, and you can tell from the color of the rope-- How far is it across? A hundred feet. Should I go first, everyone? I want to inspect it from an engineering perspective, if that's possible.",Stealth
Insight,"your waist before you do that. That's quite a good idea! Sarenrae, jeepers. I'm going to use perception, I'm going to look at it before going out. That is a 23. All right. Are you taking your horse with you? I leave my horse with my sister. I'm on foot  I'm on all fours, really. Spidering out. Making your way across, you get halfway across the bridge. There's a creaking sound and slight movement as the wind picks up at times and you (creaking). So I'm lasting. What would I make, is it an",Insight
Athletics,"Okay. Cool. All righty. I say a prayer of thanks to the horses, who will surely die of starvation. They were tied up in a super grassy area with a shit-ton of water around. They'll be eaten by something long before that. It's fine. So what's our plan? What are we doing? The plan is walk until we get there. The path pinches a little bit tighter as you go across, about a ten foot width and you guys begin pulling across. There's a sudden large gust of sea air blows in as you guys go ahead and buckle down to hold on. I'd like you all to roll",Perception
Perception,"19? Not a problem! The vine grabs Scanlan and pulls him back and holds him as the wind slowly dies down. I guide Vax back to the cliff. The wind dies down. You guys now begin pushing yourselves close to the edge of this pathway up the side of this seaside cliff. It doesn't seem to deviate much beyond that 15-foot width now, which puts you all at general unease. As the sun's getting closer and closer to setting, you're making your way around the crest. You've been traveling this mountain range for a good number of hours now. You're at a decent height, you're on foot, a good distance inside the",Perception
Nature,"26. 29. 25. I rolled a natural one, with negative two. Okay! Those of you with a higher perception than 20 on this roll. As you pull along, you hear this echoing sound, this (bird-like sounds) in the distance, the wind's carrying it as it's blowing past you. Does it sounds like anything nature-based? Something I could possibly have talked to in the past? Is it something I would know? Go ahead and make an intelligence check. You",Nature
Stealth,"you've pushed a good ten by 15-foot cavern into the side of this wall that didn't previously exist. You guys are able to step out of the light as the sun's starting to disappear over the mountain range, the Cliffkeep, which you can see in the distance across this channel now. There's a channel of water between the two. I go ahead and Druidcraft a little campfire. Tiberius, you want to light a fire for us? I'm going to use Hide in Plain Sight. I'm going to see if I can do this. That sort of ability to camouflage the opening of the cave to where they wouldn't be able to see it.",Stealth
Perception,"I talk to Percy for a second. Percy, while we're alone for a moment, there's something that's been bothering me, and I can't get it out of my head. I thought I'd talk to you about it because I feel-- we're friends, right? We're friends? Are we friends? Sure! I'd like to think so, yes. Been through a lot, been together a while. It's been a while, yes. Two years now? I suppose. I go invisible to see if I can hear their conversation.",Persuasion
Insight,"Wait, what are you saying? You had knowledge? You didn't build that without inspiration? What do you mean? I've had thoughts about it, but I didn't really think about what I was doing or what I was going to build until I decided to take my revenge, and I'd never thought about building it because I realized what a dangerous idea it was. (sighs) And I fear for the day that that comes back to haunt me. I don't know what I'll do, but I don't know, I think I was just trying to say something to be intimidating. I honestly didn't even think I was going to kill him, it just happened. Can I see if he's lying to me?",Insight
Stealth,"the two mountains join, that could possibly be traversed. But continuing on the seaside path is not going to work. It does bring you inward towards-- maybe a little further south than you would have wanted to for optimal backdoor entrance into Whitestone, but it's about your only path. Have I walked this path before? I never walked this path at all. You would have had no reason to walk this path. You've heard about it, you know of this side of the mountain range, but based on your history, there's no reason you would have come here. Whatever it takes to get to that back door.",Perception
Stealth,"traversed. But continuing on the seaside path is not going to work. It does bring you inward towards-- maybe a little further south than you would have wanted to for optimal backdoor entrance into Whitestone, but it's about your only path. Have I walked this path before? I never walked this path at all. You would have had no reason to walk this path. You've heard about it, you know of this side of the mountain range, but based on your history, there's no reason you would have come here. Whatever it takes to get to that back door. Everyone make a stealth check, by the way.",Perception
Perception,"Basically, you guys have been traveling up the side of the coast. You've now turned inward over the mountain range to head down into the valley of Whitestone. You are currently just now heading up through the mountain range, inwards towards the mountain. Is this the river? There's no river here. It's just stone that comes together for a pathway in between. This is where two large peaks of the mountains basically come to join at the bottom. Okay, so we're not at the river. No, the river is actually inside the valley and to the south of Whitestone. So pressing down I",Perception
History,"What did you roll? I don't know. Ooh, that's 24. 24. You've heard of various lizard-like creatures that grow to large sizes. Usually those fall into the realm of dragons and such. The color blue, though, is uncommon, unless it were a blue dragon. However, the motion of this creature does not seem to necessarily be the territory of a blue dragon. It's hard to point exactly what this is, but you do know it's probably something in the serpentine-type magical realm. I heard them, I heard them describe it. Would I know it from the description? Just from my local knowledge?",History
Athletics,"of dangerous things that exist in these mountains. I've got a really good idea. Wait. No! Grog, pick up something really heavy, and throw it as far as you can. I go over and I grab Scanlan-- No! A boulder or something. I put Scanlan down. Find a large rock that's tumbled down, maybe. Yeah, they're easy to find. There's like some that are this big, some that are larger. They're really heavy. And I discus the thing and (whoosh).",Athletics
Athletics,"All right. Putting glass for the dog-- That's your turn. Grog, you're up. I would like to try and break the grapple. All right. 20. 20, yes. I can picture that. Why did you do that? Because you are restrained-- Kicking myself. Need to check what effect the condition-- Here. Just to be safe. Okay, yeah. Go ahead and you're making an",Athletics
Nature,"Grog? Grog? And hitting and hitting-- Grog? I use Bigby's Hand to stop the hammer. Maybe you unrage. Lullaby, Hulk. Lullaby. It's over. It's over. Lullaby?! Think of the beard. What happened? Well. You killed it real good! Oh, look, we made jelly. Speaking of jelly, I would like to go",Nature
Perception,"For climb, this would be athletics. Athletics. Oh, really? That's not what it was  I moved it. It was 14, I saw it. Oh no, 12. It takes you a little bit to get up there. It's steep, you slide down a few times. But eventually, because there's no immediate threat, you're given time to get up onto this upper platform. You can see that there are these various parts of the rock that jut outward, that have some short term passageways that this creature uses. I'm so weak, but I'm holding to see if I see a cave.",Athletics
Nature,"From the north side, it doesn't look like anything too dense. Percy? Yes? Do you know how much longer we need to continue on this path? Honestly, I've never taken this road before. This is further east than I've ever come. Can we see how far ahead-- does it look like it goes on for a while, this chasm? It moves around, so it's hard to get to much of a visual of the-- The geology starting to look familiar? Does my tracking tell me anything?",Nature
Stealth,"Can we see how far ahead-- does it look like it goes on for a while, this chasm? It moves around, so it's hard to get to much of a visual of the-- The geology starting to look familiar? Does my tracking tell me anything? You can go ahead and make a nature check. For all of this, I'd like to-- With advantage. -- walk about 40 feet in front of everyone and creep along. Okay. 17. Cloak up.",Stealth
Stealth,"The geology starting to look familiar? Does my tracking tell me anything? You can go ahead and make a nature check. For all of this, I'd like to-- With advantage. -- walk about 40 feet in front of everyone and creep along. Okay. 17. Cloak up. Make a stealth check. He's a weird loner, that guy. He is. It's my job.",Stealth
History,"I'm not sure I understand. We see a drop-off? It begins to descend towards the valley, and on the side of one of the giant-- Chasms? Chasm you guys are at the bottom of. You see an outcropping ahead that's angular and pointed. Like, designed by man? Like it was sculpted, constructed. That might have sentries. Some sort of outlook or something. Something that was not formed by nature here. Do I know what this is? You--",History
History,"Chasms? Chasm you guys are at the bottom of. You see an outcropping ahead that's angular and pointed. Like, designed by man? Like it was sculpted, constructed. That might have sentries. Some sort of outlook or something. Something that was not formed by nature here. Do I know what this is? You-- History check? I'd say, make an intelligence check. Roll and add your intelligence modifier. I could do it with you, if you want.",History
Stealth,"No, we don't, no. You have-- I have some invisibility. Not great, though. I have dust of tracelessness. Maybe we'll stealth it. Can I hide Scanlan under my cloak? Can he use his invisibility on someone else? If he was to cast Invisibility on you-- No, on somebody else, so I'd just hide him. What about one of those things that always works on me-- You could-- -- a diversion? You would move very slow and you would have",Stealth
Athletics,"We're also on a chasm, so if it gets wet and slippery and muddy we might all go down. That's true. Maybe get up at the top of it and then do this. I like the plan of going up the other side of the chasm. Can we try to climb the other side? Certainly. Giants like to throw fucking boulders. Yeah, I don't wanna be down on the bottom. Yeah. As you guys make your way up the other side, you're helping each other, I want everyone to go",Athletics
Athletics,"Maybe get up at the top of it and then do this. I like the plan of going up the other side of the chasm. Can we try to climb the other side? Certainly. Giants like to throw fucking boulders. Yeah, I don't wanna be down on the bottom. Yeah. As you guys make your way up the other side, you're helping each other, I want everyone to go ahead and make an athletics check. I put on my climbing gear, which I definitely own.",Athletics
Perception,"seven stories of height. Whoa. Built into the side of a mountain, and it goes down almost like two giant steps. It's built on essentially where the giant bowl, the caldera if you will, of where this valley of this mountain range would be. It's built on the inside of it, so it's actually constructed, as you continue to descend into the valley. Looking at it, you can see openings, windows, there are areas up top where you see giant piles of rocks and boulders that are used for anti-siege, for throwing off the top, stockpiles of that. You do see boulders around the ground that may have been thrown and not picked",Intimidation
Intimidation,"goes down almost like two giant steps. It's built on essentially where the giant bowl, the caldera if you will, of where this valley of this mountain range would be. It's built on the inside of it, so it's actually constructed, as you continue to descend into the valley. Looking at it, you can see openings, windows, there are areas up top where you see giant piles of rocks and boulders that are used for anti-siege, for throwing off the top, stockpiles of that. You do see boulders around the ground that may have been thrown and not picked up. Everyone make a perception check. I feel-- (whispers) Should I say? (whispers) I'm not gonna tell you.",Intimidation
Athletics,ground that may have been thrown and not picked up. Everyone make a perception check. I feel-- (whispers) Should I say? (whispers) I'm not gonna tell you. That's an intimidation check. How did Trinket get up the cavern? Hm? Can Trinket climb? Trinket-- Bears climb! Bears are good climbers. They're good climbers? They can get up a tree. Yeah.,Athletics
Athletics,"Disadvantage. I'm sorry! But it felt wrong to lie. Rangers. Of course. It's an honor system. Could I have given the climbing gear to Trinket? No. No. (all laugh) You could've, it just would've been adorable. But we could tie the rope around Trinket's waist. Roll your dice.",Athletics
Perception,"I told her not to say it, why'd you say it? I'm just trying to be honest! Which is appreciated. Strength modifier? He got a 15, too. Okay. It's been difficult, and it slowed your guys' progression, but you've managed to keep Trinket along with you  this large bear is now like pushing against the side. He's managed to keep up, but it's been a harrowing experience. I've been behind him the whole time, pushing on his buttocks. Yeah. You got this buddy, you got this.",Persuasion
Perception,"Wikipedia, it's true. (laughs) Very reasonable eyesight. You could also be a sparrow. Yeah. So, at about the two in the afternoon day sun, 'cause that's what it is. But you're fine. You become a bat-- Bats come out during the day! I know. She makes her way, down through  you swoop up to one of the windows and you glance inside and look around. You can see most of the furniture inside is in tatters. There are large, giant-sized tables and chairs that have been broken in half and strewn across the room.",Perception
Investigation,"really nasty fight? Like some sort of a major fight went down. No sign of any bodies or body parts. No sign of leftover weapons or armor from whatever giants lived in here. You just see large amounts of dried blood across the stone floors. Like something came in and slaughtered and completely stripped the place. Or the giants slaughtered something horribly here and are currently out and about, you don't know. But-- Can I tell if the blood looks-- how dusty is this shit? Did you want to land and make an",Investigation
Investigation,"Can I tell if the blood looks-- how dusty is this shit? Did you want to land and make an investigation check? Call us in. Do it. Do it, Batwoman. You are the night. How much dust goes pff? (laughs) You are the night. Quite a bit  a little puff. Oh. Not a huge amount, but enough where it's not fresh, and a closer look, the blood's been dry for",Investigation
Perception,"Can giants become vampires? I don't know, I hope not. You should use the dust of tracelessness, Grog, just so our footsteps aren't seen. 17. 17, okay. So what do you guys want to do in here? Stealth. I'm going to go downstairs. How dark is it? You are downstairs at the entrance Oh. Down the grade, I mean. I want to look for any weapons that are lying about.",Stealth
Investigation,"I'm going to think about it real hard. Probably shoot a couple dummy arrows out of it Can I walk out the front door? I'm going to buy it a steak and I'm going to-- Can I walk out the front door and keep post on the porch? I'm following Grog and I'm doing the same. All right. And I want to look in the direction we want to be walking. I'm looking around, I'm trying to find out what happened to the bodies.",Investigation
Stealth,"She's attuning. Seeing what it can do. Do we see anything outside on the porch? Over time the only thing you catch is occasionally you see flocks of birds moving through and swooping through the area. You watch one flock come up and begin circling a little bit. Should we get out? Should we leave? And then make its way down toward the valley. Stealth. Just leave. Let's leave. Stealth it out? Stealthy out-ie? This is for Grog who is outside, roll a",Stealth
Nature,"forest, and it is a very dense forest, but it is mostly cold-weather trees, pines. And there is, you can see once you get inside the forest, the ground itself is very thick and there are elements of melting snow on the top of the trees, there was recently a snowfall in this area but it seems like it's been a while and most of it has turned to slush and water. You have about two hours of travel into the forest, and you all immediately catch the sound of distant howling. Is it nighttime? No. Oh. That's scary. Distant howling? Does it sound like",Nature
Nature,"mostly cold-weather trees, pines. And there is, you can see once you get inside the forest, the ground itself is very thick and there are elements of melting snow on the top of the trees, there was recently a snowfall in this area but it seems like it's been a while and most of it has turned to slush and water. You have about two hours of travel into the forest, and you all immediately catch the sound of distant howling. Is it nighttime? No. Oh. That's scary. Distant howling? Does it sound like wolves? Can I make a nature check?",Nature
Stealth,"ground itself is very thick and there are elements of melting snow on the top of the trees, there was recently a snowfall in this area but it seems like it's been a while and most of it has turned to slush and water. You have about two hours of travel into the forest, and you all immediately catch the sound of distant howling. Is it nighttime? No. Oh. That's scary. Distant howling? Does it sound like wolves? Can I make a nature check? Yeah, make a nature check. Stealth?",Nature
Stealth,"For half of my druid level, we discovered. So somewhere around six hours, five hours. Okay, so you fly us in, and I'll Invisibility us right as we get to the gates. And as they're going out, we get in the trees. Make sure you bring an earpiece. He's got an earpiece. Do we, the four of us, all go up in the trees? Everyone get your own tree. Everyone get your own tree? Everyone who's in a tree, please roll a",Athletics
Athletics,"us right as we get to the gates. And as they're going out, we get in the trees. Make sure you bring an earpiece. He's got an earpiece. Do we, the four of us, all go up in the trees? Everyone get your own tree. Everyone get your own tree? Everyone who's in a tree, please roll a stealth check. Except for Trinket, who can't climb up. Trinket can climb trees! Bears climb trees!",Athletics
Perception,"Let's roll again. What do we add? Ten to whatever we roll. Go ahead and just add ten to the previous roll. (all cheer) Good. We want to keep our good rolls. So, about five breathless moments pass as the dogs, wolves all get relatively close. One of them comes up and returns back to the pack. You don't get a good view of the individual that is currently guiding the pack, and you see them disappear between the thick trees in the distance.",Perception
Perception,"have Featherfall so that wouldn't go well. Looking over Whitestone, you can see outside of the city there are some areas where the trees are carved out, and there is farmland set up specifically to grow food and to till to maintain sustenance for the people that live there. You can see that there's a small area that's also being cut for timber. Not a perpetual thing, but the wood here is, you've heard previously, one of the major exports here is very high-quality timber from this type of tree that is used for very exquisite woodcraft and furniture. So that's one of the major exports of Whitestone as well as the quartz from the mines itself. There are people in",Perception
Perception,"over Whitestone, you can see outside of the city there are some areas where the trees are carved out, and there is farmland set up specifically to grow food and to till to maintain sustenance for the people that live there. You can see that there's a small area that's also being cut for timber. Not a perpetual thing, but the wood here is, you've heard previously, one of the major exports here is very high-quality timber from this type of tree that is used for very exquisite woodcraft and furniture. So that's one of the major exports of Whitestone as well as the quartz from the mines itself. There are people in the city, but sparse. Make a perception check.",Perception
Perception,"cut for timber. Not a perpetual thing, but the wood here is, you've heard previously, one of the major exports here is very high-quality timber from this type of tree that is used for very exquisite woodcraft and furniture. So that's one of the major exports of Whitestone as well as the quartz from the mines itself. There are people in the city, but sparse. Make a perception check. Can I also make a perception check? You may. With my eagle vision? (singsong) You may. 14, so that's 24. And I have Keen Sight, which means",Perception
Athletics,"And you can't talk right now, you're an eagle. I leave a little, like a canteen or something, right where she's perched, just so I know where to find her. Okay. Smart. Leave the mug. Yeah, my stein. And then I'm going to walk down and see if I can stealthily eavesdrop on some conversations. Okay. You make your way down the 25-foot wall she's perched on. Oh, shit. Am I going to fall?",Stealth
Athletics,"He's doing walla. (all laugh) One of them ends up counting the last bit of crop. ""That's it, that's all we have. That is the ""entire pull for the day."" And the older gentleman, who is overseeing it, grinds his hands and goes, ""Sir Kerrion is going to have my hide."" Wait, wasn't that one of the people-- ""At the very least, let's gather it together and hopefully Pelor will protect us."" And the people take the carts and begin making their way towards the outer gate on the southeast side of Whitestone, where you guys are currently at. Okay. I'm going to hustle back to the roof.",Athletics
Nature,"to let them know we're here, for fear they'll turn us in, in hopes of saving their own necks. That's what I'm thinking. Yes, they're terrified, but this whole town's being ruled by fear. I have a feeling we can revive that tree somehow. It may weaken the Briarwoods' hold on the psyche of the villagers here. This is true! It could help out. Let them know the god of the sun is on their side. I heard you're supposed to pee on a lemon tree, so. Probably you and Scanlan are on that, I have a feeling.",Perception
Religion,"Yes, we get there at sunrise, take those fucking beasts out, and you start at eight AM. But then what? We just sneak in. Here's the thing. I don't know if you want to get all the crops all fancy, because it'll just feed the Briarwoods. Maybe just do the tree area, which will be like two hours, maybe. Yeah? I think if I have a solid hour or two hours with it. Once the tree is healed, we have no one of religious power to summon any god. We don't know anything about this god, none of us do! I do, in theory, if I'm from--",Religion
Religion,"But then what? We just sneak in. Here's the thing. I don't know if you want to get all the crops all fancy, because it'll just feed the Briarwoods. Maybe just do the tree area, which will be like two hours, maybe. Yeah? I think if I have a solid hour or two hours with it. Once the tree is healed, we have no one of religious power to summon any god. We don't know anything about this god, none of us do! I do, in theory, if I'm from-- Go ahead and roll a religion check. A which?",Religion
Stealth,"your beard is at maximum, Grog. The fact that you even have a goliath with a beard is a feat of magic in its own right. Amazing. You would be a freak. Is it like that Vidal Sassoon commercial? Whip it. That's dope. Isn't that dope? Grog, I've heard that no one in this town wears a beard. Oh, natural 20 on stealth! You can forget it. I won't go in. So you guys are traveling as a group. I need",Stealth
Stealth,"Just like her owner. The rest of you are a smattering of various humanoids, you-- (fake coughing) I make myself look like a weird hunchback, sort of, not all there. Okay, so you guys look like pretty rough peasants, dirty faces. You know, hair a little razzled. It looks like you've been living the harsh life on the outskirts of the slums of Whitestone for quite some time-- I wanted to be a model. -- with a donkey. (goat bleat)",Stealth
Deception,"Whitestone-- Oh shit. -- but you don't look like a threat, per se. So you are noticed, and some people seem to just stop and watch you pass, but no one seems to make any active mention, note, or change in behavior towards it. Are we checking buildings while we're walking through? I have passive perception of 21  I'm always looking. I walk over to just one random person on the street and say, anyone hiring hands? On farms? Our farm burned down!",Deception
Nature,"towards the center of this here. You-- You speak Giant, Grog? Yeah. You move past the center here and to the left of you, you can see the town square and there it is, the Sun Tree. Very, very large, you imagine beautiful tree at one time, full height was probably about 40 feet tall. The branches twist out, and almost look like they're hanging loosely, the ends, everything looks droopy and desolate  there's not a leaf on it. Can I do some sort of a check from a distance to see if I can recognize what kind of tree it is?",Nature
Perception,"Oh, we're gonna walk by the tree? Look like it's no big deal. I know. You guys turn left, and you make your way towards the town square. And as you enter the square, looking around, you can see there are what would have been carts and small booths set up for selling of meats and other goods, what was a small, you know, barter-and-sale based hub of this town-- nowhere near on the scale of Emon's bazaar, but you know, enough to support this town-- desolate. All look to be closed down and untouched for quite some time. As you get a closer look to the-- actually I'm gonna have you guys all roll",Perception
Investigation,"Body of my guy. Is he sort of handsome? But, it does mean that it was because of when they saw us in Emon-- Think of an eight-year-old child. It was a kid, yo. Oh, it was a child? Oh, god. -- because Tiberius wasn't here with the crows. No, it was because of Emon. It was because of Emon. Yeah. So, can we get like a vague idea of how long these people look like they might have been here?",Insight
Stealth,"Yeah, Dust of tracelessness. Are you guys going in? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is where we're going to hole up. Okay. I kind of want to talk to the tree. Then go talk to the tree, Keyleth. The window is locked. Wait, not now. Not now. No, no, no, no, no, not yet. Let's find a place first. Let's post up first.",Stealth
Religion,"While she is down there, essentially meditating with the barren roots of the Sun Tree, is there anything you guys would wish to do, or are you just waiting for her to complete her ritual? Well, there are options. What do we need? We have to get water, right? There was some issue about-- we don't have any water, do we? Was that an issue? I don't remember. There was some wells around. Can I do a few checks while I'm preparing the ritual to see if this is a curse over this tree?",Athletics
Stealth,"go to. What's the other one? The other one is called The Lady's Chamber. It's a temple of Erathis. That sounds fun. I don't know anybody there. I might! That's what I'm afraid-- they might know you, so no. So the Lady's Chamber, the temple to Erathis, is more central to the city and is partially a courtyard, partially a half-dome amphitheater place of worship. You guys make your way through the city. I'll have you all roll",Deception
Deception,"Chamber. It's a temple of Erathis. That sounds fun. I don't know anybody there. I might! That's what I'm afraid-- they might know you, so no. So the Lady's Chamber, the temple to Erathis, is more central to the city and is partially a courtyard, partially a half-dome amphitheater place of worship. You guys make your way through the city. I'll have you all roll stealth checks if you could. We're not trying to hide, are we? Well, if you're not trying to hide, then",Deception
Perception,"glass windows, about every ten feet around this pattern, it looks like three to each side. There are pews set up for the masses to come and sit and worship, but a lot of the pews have been pushed off to the side, set astray, some have been destroyed and ruined. There's a pile in the corner of a number of sundered and tattered pews. There is a red carpet that marks the center that goes all the way to what looks like a raised altar on the opposite side of the room. You can see that some of the stained glass further down has been shattered and broken, and a little bit of sunlight creeps through. You can see there is on the altar a large stone platform. It's hard to see from this",Perception
Acrobatics,"I can probably lift that door bar from inside. You could, probably. With your help, son. Yeah, but I could blast it. Would be very dramatic. Let's save that for important stuff. All right, where is the window? Which way do I go? To the right and up. There are windows shattered on both sides. They're broken a little higher up. So you could either continue to break the bottom part of the window, or just attempt to leap through the hole. Yeah, I'll attempt to leap.",Athletics
Perception,"Looking about the place, it looks pseudo-ransacked. There has been much force used in whatever destroyed these pews. The glass that was broken, was broken from the outside in. So, definitely seems like there was someone throwing a rock through, or a intrusion from an outside standpoint. As you walk further and look around, the two rooms to the side, the doors are closed. There is the altar on the top, and you do see, there is a couple of small sacks, laid to the side of the altar. What looks to be some low-lit candles, and there are some braziers. One to each side of the altar, and one against each wall. All of them appear to be long dark and out. Go",Investigation
Investigation,"Just a very faint glow of ember to it. What's the matter? Reynal? Who? Reynal? Father Reynal? (louder) Father Reynal? Let's check one of the doors. We'll start on the door on the right. You step up. You can see now, on top of the altar, there appears to be a couple of glass vials that are overturned, a little liquid spilled. You can see bits of broken glass across the bottom, the one step that leads down from the altar's raised platform. Can I dip and smell?",Perception
Perception,"Can I dip and smell? Make an investigation check. 13. 13? Okay. Looking at just the general vicinity of the altar. You taste the liquid. It's definitely somewhat caustic in nature, you can't really determine it. But, just touching it to your tongue, your tongue goes numb for a second and you feel a slight burn. Your nostrils clear out a little bit from the scent. There is some random powders and such that've been brushed off. You get the feeling that the way that all this was treated, it wasn't so much like it was destroyed more than it was hastily packed up. Roll a",Investigation
Investigation,"took in much detail. I believe his observations ""have brought me to the brink of finishing my design. I intend to journey from Whitestone within ""a couple of months to gather the components needed. But, if Delilah's hunch is correct, the ""subject is heading here. I may find myself needing to leave sooner than anticipated."" They're trying to copy your work. Copy? Why? For war. I want to take another look at everything that was on the altar, and I want to see if it looks--",Investigation
Investigation,"in the research but most have been emptied, and it's just a residuum on the inside. Checking the door on the right. Door on the right. Going with. (creak) Opens up into what was Father Reynal's room. As the door opens, you're immediately hit with terrible smell of decay. And you can see, shoved under the bed that first appears on the opposite side of the small room, what appears to be the remains of Father Reynal. Long passed and left to fester beneath his bed. Can I tell how he died? You're welcome to go ahead and take a look.",Investigation
Perception,"various sun and stars that are set up, but most of them have been profaned, marked on, shattered, or covered in soot. An intentional effort has been made to dampen the power of Pelor in this once-holy place. Are there any untouched? None that are untouched, but there are some that could possibly be cleaned. A couple of small medallions that are hanging up in the room where the Father lays. I'll snag those. Okay. I want to check the other room. The room to the left.",Perception
Perception,"should we head back? We should head back. Apparently, any help I thought we'd find here is obviously gone. Should we check this other room first, before we go? Did we not check the other room? No. Let's check the other room, and-- Quickly, though, quickly. We'll check the other room quickly. While they check the room, I'm going to go all over the altar and see if there's anything, any hidden door, any trapdoor, anything like that.",Perception
Investigation,"Okay, go ahead and make a perception check. Eh. That's a-- oh! No! Wait, I keep forgetting that's a rogue skill. That's a 20. I was really hoping you missed that part. Looking over the altar, it appears to be smooth, solid stone. Nothing catches your attention. You check the other room. This is a small kitchen, essentially, for whoever was running here would make small meals or things to delineate during worship and/or just cook for its own meals when the father was keeping-- Has it been used recently? Is it-- It does not appear to have been used, you",Perception
Deception,"arrived. You've had a few days of sun, but I'd say about half the day is cloud cover. Does it seem to be fairly natural weather for this time of year? Okay. And this far north, too. All right. You guys-- I also grab those wooden stakes off the ground. Okay. Takes you a little time, because they're amongst a bunch of other broken wooden scraps-- I grab a couple extra, as well. Okay! You find some splintered wood. You guys make your way back into the town. I'd like",Stealth
Stealth,"arrived. You've had a few days of sun, but I'd say about half the day is cloud cover. Does it seem to be fairly natural weather for this time of year? Okay. And this far north, too. All right. You guys-- I also grab those wooden stakes off the ground. Okay. Takes you a little time, because they're amongst a bunch of other broken wooden scraps-- I grab a couple extra, as well. Okay! You find some splintered wood. You guys make your way back into the town. I'd like",Stealth
Deception,"""by Sir Kerrion. That is how it'll be. If you cannot provide, then taxes will be pulled. If you ""cannot pay, then there are far worse things we can take. Now, be on your way!"" And steps away from the group, looks over and sees a little boy and this in the shadows skulking individual. ""You there!"" Yes? ""You new around here?"" A bit, yes. ""I don't recognize you."" And two of the guards step forward. I suppose it's our good luck, then. ""What's your name?"" (sighs) Reggie.",Deception
Perception,"earth. I take some of that holy oil that Vax gave me and I dip my finger in it and start rubbing it along the vines that are growing along the edge of the roots. You take the holy oil and place it along the roots, and it soaks into the dry and in some cases now charred aspects of the roots. You wait a moment, and the oil seems to almost burn off and evaporate. So, the ground is cursed. The ground is cursed. Well, poo. Should I try peeing on it?",Perception
Perception,"I take some of that holy oil that Vax gave me and I dip my finger in it and start rubbing it along the vines that are growing along the edge of the roots. You take the holy oil and place it along the roots, and it soaks into the dry and in some cases now charred aspects of the roots. You wait a moment, and the oil seems to almost burn off and evaporate. So, the ground is cursed. The ground is cursed. Well, poo. Should I try peeing on it? Make a perception check.",Perception
Investigation,"and one to the right. Looking about the inside, most of the furniture has been broken or taken. You can see a bunch of shelves set up as this was once a curiosity shop. Empty. Anything of worth has long been taken. Oi, Grandma! Any yo-yos in there? I'm looking, boy. A large scattering of broken glass, and a peppering of stains. Dark, ruddy stains across the hardwood floors you can see spattered in places. Occasional rat seems to crawl out in the distance a little (rat squeaking) sound. But there is no other sign of life within the interior. Go ahead",Investigation
Deception,"Can I go talk to them? You can, indeed. I'm going to come with you. All right. As they're both walking by, keeping the hush, they see you guys step in the same alley. They stop for a second, looking you over, give a nod. Oi, excuse me? My papa sent me to send a present, a gift of sorts, to a Sir Keri? Kurion? Kerrion? Kerrion? Kerrion? We're just looking to see where we can deliver the gift.",Deception
Insight,"arrogant in his worship, but not in a way that is considered dangerous or impactful to when the de Rolo families were in rule. He does good for the people. Kind of a tool at times. But he practices well and he keeps the people's spirits up for those who worship. We found him a bit obnoxious to our means and ends on occasion? On occasion, but mostly just his personality. Nothing he's done personally. He's not a bad person, by any means. He's just, you know. He's also not a lapdog. Yeah. Strong-willed in his ideas.",Insight
Persuasion,"Act cool. Everybody act cool. We walk south. We walk south. We leave. And you know what I've left him. Yeah. As you're walking away, you hear his voice call out after. ""Wait! What does this mean?"" He pulls the parchment forward, revealing the symbol of the top of the de Rolo family crest. That... (sighs) What appears dead may not necessarily be death. And that with the shadow of death over the city perhaps there is life deep underground. Perhaps things that appeared ended and gone are perhaps continuing to this day. And may rise again.",Persuasion
Perception,"And I can't imagine that many people attempt to infiltrate this house. How dark is it? I mean, it's overcast, but it's getting closer to noon. Even though you can't see the sun, and it is dark clouds overhead, it is still a general universal storm light. Darkened daylight. Once around? Does it look like it's going to pass soon? No. It looks like it's probably going to be here for most of the day at the very least. The rain will dampen the screams from inside. So we go around once? Once around?",Perception
Perception,"attempt to infiltrate this house. How dark is it? I mean, it's overcast, but it's getting closer to noon. Even though you can't see the sun, and it is dark clouds overhead, it is still a general universal storm light. Darkened daylight. Once around? Does it look like it's going to pass soon? No. It looks like it's probably going to be here for most of the day at the very least. The rain will dampen the screams from inside. So we go around once? Once around? Okay. Perception checks all around.",Perception
Stealth,"Okay. So it's 1d4 plus six. She's rolling it. Ooh! 11. Hey, back to full! So, the scarring stays for a bit. You do smell the burning flesh, but there's no lasting wounds on your hands. You can check to see if there's a lock on the cellar door? Yeah, sure. We gotta make it across the lawn first. Well, we're in the back of the house. Well, we're all just walking very quietly. We're stealthing.",Stealth
Stealth,"So, the scarring stays for a bit. You do smell the burning flesh, but there's no lasting wounds on your hands. You can check to see if there's a lock on the cellar door? Yeah, sure. We gotta make it across the lawn first. Well, we're in the back of the house. Well, we're all just walking very quietly. We're stealthing. So, everyone make a stealth check. We have advantage? No, everyone gets plus ten to their stealth. You have disadvantage",Stealth
Stealth,"wounds on your hands. You can check to see if there's a lock on the cellar door? Yeah, sure. We gotta make it across the lawn first. Well, we're in the back of the house. Well, we're all just walking very quietly. We're stealthing. So, everyone make a stealth check. We have advantage? No, everyone gets plus ten to their stealth. You have disadvantage on the stealth check, though. Plus ten.",Stealth
Perception,"27. You reach over, without even looking. You grab the lock  you're familiar with this kind of lock. (clicking) You take the lock off the chain. The chains fall loose against the opposite side of the, or the inside of the door. You pull it open. It's dark inside. You can see the dry stone steps that lead down below the building as rain starts darkening them with drops that are hitting them. I lean my head in really fast and just see if I can hear anything, and roll a one. Could I stealth in a couple of steps look around and see if there's anybody in there, or hear anything?",Investigation
Perception,"light source down here. I pull out my Flametongue Dagger. Okay. A little bit of flame causes enough candlelight to see the surface. And it is a wine cellar. I have Darkvision. I'll go ahead and use my flaming hands. Okay, so with an instant of will, all of a sudden flames burst around-- [no audio] -- is a small ladder in the corner that seems to lead up to a latched door that leads to the interior of the house. I got up to it and listen.",Perception
Perception,"Yeah! Your ears are huge compared to mine! Definitely, look at them! Your sister assures you she heard-- There's nothing there! I don't hear anything, either. I think we should just bust in. Okay! Wait. (whispers) Quietly! Wait, hang on! Grog just said wait! I keep forgetting the rogue skill, so really I rolled a 20. Wait, what? You rolled a three and it becomes a 20?!",Perception
Stealth,"home turf. I wish they would just meet them out, ""head them off, cut them off at the head. Why did we invite them in here? That seems to be a ""dangerous circumstance."" While they're talking I say: we've got two gentlemen up here. Two gentlemen! Okay. I start climbing the-- I think it's time to start killing. Grog up first! Places everyone, places! Grog up before me. It's opening night and I'm so excited! (laughter)",Stealth
Insight,"the desk. He reaches up and kicks you, forcing you to get back on your feet with your daggers at the ready. The blood's beginning to pour. It's not a mortal wound, but it's looking really bad for him. He's not on death's door, but that definitely took him down a few pegs. I give him a Vex wink. (laughs) He looks at you and growls. Draws two rapiers from his side. Two rapiers? Yeah. He draws two rapiers? Do we get any indication by what we just saw if he might be a vampire or something?",Insight
Insight,"to get back on your feet with your daggers at the ready. The blood's beginning to pour. It's not a mortal wound, but it's looking really bad for him. He's not on death's door, but that definitely took him down a few pegs. I give him a Vex wink. (laughs) He looks at you and growls. Draws two rapiers from his side. Two rapiers? Yeah. He draws two rapiers? Do we get any indication by what we just saw if he might be a vampire or something? Make an insight check.",Insight
Investigation,"Okay. As you finish gashing the name out on the side of the metal and start breathing, you can see the name itself begin to glow with a slight dull purple glow and burn away from the metal, leaving just the scratch marks. From his body, you have two rapiers, regular rapiers, studded leather armor that is enchanted with a plus one bonus, and that potion of greater healing. So you can mark those down. I'm keeping a very strong eye on Percy right now. Okay. Anything on the desk, papers of any sort? Going through the desk? Go ahead and make an",Investigation
Stealth,"(whispering) Catch me! Okay! Catch Keyleth. You guys are now out in the open, still during the day, rain pouring down. Running toward the woods? Where are we running? Get the fuck out of here. Let's head back to the inn. Let's try the barracks. We'll try the barracks. The barracks are attached to the castle. Shit. Okay. Back to the tavern, then. Back to the tavern for now. They're going to notice--",Stealth
Stealth,"Get the fuck out of here. Let's head back to the inn. Let's try the barracks. We'll try the barracks. The barracks are attached to the castle. Shit. Okay. Back to the tavern, then. Back to the tavern for now. They're going to notice-- Stealth check real fast, guys. I was going to say, do you have Pass Without a Trace, can you summon any more spells? I don't. I mean, I can cast it right now. If you want to quickly, yeah. Yeah, before we move.",Stealth
Religion,"I want to talk about a plan, because our desires are in lockstep up to a point. Once we have gotten rid of the last of them, I want to know what happens then, Percival. I've never had to think of this before. I think if we get out of this, either I'm going to need you to save me or finish me. No, we won't do that. If it comes to it. Damn it, where is Pike?! She would know about this. She would. I miss Pike. Well, I do want to save this city.",Religion
Religion,"have gotten rid of the last of them, I want to know what happens then, Percival. I've never had to think of this before. I think if we get out of this, either I'm going to need you to save me or finish me. No, we won't do that. If it comes to it. Damn it, where is Pike?! She would know about this. She would. I miss Pike. Well, I do want to save this city. Can we do any kind of religion check to see if we know anything about this kind of entity?",Religion
Insight,"some of the heat of the day. But it is getting noticeably colder. It's getting colder? Yeah, just as the evening progresses. The temperature at night here-- Colder than it did last night? Because it also got pretty cold last night. Comparable, yeah. There's a low mist begins to form within the tunnel from the temperature. I wake up my sister. What, what do you want? There's fog or something. What's going on? It's just cold. Can we see if it's magic?",Nature
Nature,"temperature at night here-- Colder than it did last night? Because it also got pretty cold last night. Comparable, yeah. There's a low mist begins to form within the tunnel from the temperature. I wake up my sister. What, what do you want? There's fog or something. What's going on? It's just cold. Can we see if it's magic? Make an insight check. Do that thing again. You can tell when stuff's around. Oh good, I rolled a one.",Nature
Athletics,"Oh man, I get a d10 inspiration for that. Oh, that's so Ravenloft. (laughter) Wow! Good night, everybody! And we're done. Take the inspiration back. All right. Vax, you're up. No, I'm not. I'm going to hold for a turn. Are you really? All right, Vax is now going after Grog. Right. Grog, you're up. I want to hammer in the morning, and I want to pull my hammer out of the wall. Okay, you can use one of your attacks to. Go",Athletics
Perception,"Whisk. I'm Simon's daughter."" Simon's daughter. Now, did he like the Briarwoods? She gives you a look and looks about the room for a moment. ""The Briarwoods have been very ""fair and just rulers of this land."" I'm trying to look straight at her, but I'm really looking that direction and over there. She's gathered as much and is seemingly offput by the whole presentation. ""The Briarwoods ""are just and fair, and we should not speak ill of them in public."" Can somebody see if there's something watching?",Perception
Perception,"She's gathered as much and is seemingly offput by the whole presentation. ""The Briarwoods ""are just and fair, and we should not speak ill of them in public."" Can somebody see if there's something watching? Yeah, can I do a perception check around the room and see if there's any indications that the Briarwoods might have-- Monitoring? Yeah, a bug? Like some sort of something where they might be monitoring this place. A small electronic device. Yes. That kind of bug.",Perception
Persuasion,"dangerous to draw that around here, sir."" I'm going to wipe it away. She gets a little more comfortable as soon as you do. ""What are you doing here?"" We're hoping that we could purchase a brief amount of sanctuary. ""Here? Why?"" We need to keep moving so that they don't catch us. ""The Briarwoods are after you? I can't have you here! You'll bring them right to me!"" Dear, the Briarwoods aren't after us. They're after everybody. What we need is a place to stay that we know is protected.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"de Rolo III. This moment of tension with Jordana awkwardly staring at these all very intently looking dirty peasants. With a donkey. Just talking about names. Simon Whisk was a good friend to Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. That's it. Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. Percival Fredricks Von Stein-- You can call him Percy. Percival lives, and he's coming.",Persuasion
Insight,"""Follow me."" She leads you to the back, and there's this very, very small room that looks like it used to be her father's room. It's dusty. Most of it has been untouched, except for the bed. She walks in. ""This is all I have to offer. It's not much, but it's available."" Is it safe at night? ""As safe as anything is here. Just don't go outside."" What does the ceiling look like? It's about nine feet up. Maybe about two feet of rafters. Very simple. Very plain. That's where we need to be tonight. Remember when we were in the branches?",Insight
Deception,"I take the mug that I have, and I pour the rest of it out on this little one's head and say, you speak when you're spoken to. ""No, it's okay. Let the boy speak. Let your boy speak! What were you saying?"" Oh, I'm just saying what I overheard. My friend Kevin, he's truthful. When he lies, his papa beats him, so I believe him. He said that someone really strong took out someone who was at that big fancy house that was all aflame the other day. He said that there's lots of them, and that they're going to free us all from this hell we live in! (laughing) Man, that's a layered check. Make",Deception
Persuasion,"I take the mug that I have, and I pour the rest of it out on this little one's head and say, you speak when you're spoken to. ""No, it's okay. Let the boy speak. Let your boy speak! What were you saying?"" Oh, I'm just saying what I overheard. My friend Kevin, he's truthful. When he lies, his papa beats him, so I believe him. He said that someone really strong took out someone who was at that big fancy house that was all aflame the other day. He said that there's lots of them, and that they're going to free us all from this hell we live in! (laughing) Man, that's a layered check. Make",Deception
Insight,"bar."" And you see over there, there's the guy who's behind the bar with his book. He doesn't even notice all this happening. Guy in his mid-thirties, glasses at the end of his nose, his hair's slicked back and pulled into a taut ponytail, and he's sitting there reading. And he says, ""Go ahead and tell Trevor, because the rest ""of us would like to go out in a blaze of glory than live in this bullshit."" What was your name, sir? ""Not important to much, but you can call me Patrick."" Thank you, Patrick. I don't know if my papa has enough money for these drinks.",Insight
Stealth,"why. Sure. Because they haven't phoned me to tell me that we're ready to go, I will become a dragonfly and buzz into the dwelling. Okay. Meanwhile, the twins are looking at our home, sizing it up. All right. Keeping a close eye. Through the dark rainy atmosphere, you can see on both homes, the interiors are slightly lit. There appears to be individuals at home in both homes. You just can't see who it is, necessarily. There is light in the interior. As you turn into a fly and make your way, this little boy just walks and (zip). Go",Stealth
Athletics,"wall and (groans) just tries to get it to leave the area, but it's just this thick cloud. It's slowly moving away. Yeah, they are in a bad place right now. Okay, and you still have movement. You have only moved five feet so far. Is Stinking Cloud methane-based? (laughs) It is the way I do it. I can still move? Yeah, you only moved five feet so far, so you still have 20 feet of movement. Okay, I'll do a Dukes of Hazzard over the table. All right. Unnecessarily.",Athletics
Deception,"have line-of-sight on the door? The door is right here. So you're by the window. So if you wanted to move over here, then you would have line of sight on pretty much everybody. Yeah, that would be so fun. You could move and then move back. I'm only helping with gameplay strategy. He could brain me. He could. He could brain me in one shot. Okay. I will duck under the table so they think that's where I went, and then Dimension Door to the roof. Okay! You duck under the table. I'm going to",Deception
Perception,"It's raining up there. Well, but it's a potion. I don't know how it works! You're checking your pockets. You find the potion. You look down and you notice, even through the storm, you can see in the distance, there's the dark shape of a giant lumbering zombie guard making its way down to this part of the town. What are you doing? So I'm on a roof that's all soaking wet, right? Yeah. There's no crawl space access? No attic I can get to?",Investigation
Acrobatics,"action. Yeah. Got it. Okay. So I'll just start running. (laughs) Okay. So you're going to start running over this way. On my tiny little nubby legs. All right. As you run, you get over to the front of the gate that is closed off. It's a little bit too tight for you to squeeze through. How do you plan to get over the gate? I'm planning to climb over the gate. Okay. (laughs) I've got nothing left.",Athletics
Athletics,"action. Yeah. Got it. Okay. So I'll just start running. (laughs) Okay. So you're going to start running over this way. On my tiny little nubby legs. All right. As you run, you get over to the front of the gate that is closed off. It's a little bit too tight for you to squeeze through. How do you plan to get over the gate? I'm planning to climb over the gate. Okay. (laughs) I've got nothing left.",Athletics
Perception,"I'm holding my action. Okay. That's fine. All right, I'm up. Next up is Vax. Yeah. I'm going to try to unlock the door. All right. You go ahead and you rush over (whoosh), pull out your lockpicks. So that's a ten. 23. Rain's still pouring down, you have your hood up, the water's dripping past your face as you're trying to concentrate. You get the tools in. It's not a very complicated lock. (click, creak) You push it open, leading you guys into the interior of what looks like a kitchen.",Investigation
Perception,"most of the preparations are done, there's a few cabinets that are up. It's dark. There's no lantern. And what are the other doors? There's a door immediately to your left, and there's, across the way, is an archway opening. There's no actual door there. It's just a walkway that leads into the next room. So it's open straight ahead? Yes. I haven't used any movement. If I go to the archway right across, right? Yep. I'm clicking my boots as I walk forward. Do",Investigation
Perception,"Oh, shit. Ooh! That's good. 27. That hits. Split his head like a gourd. 11. 11 points of damage as Trinket latches onto the back of his shoulder (growls) and pulls and tugs at him, trying to get him loose from Grog's grip. Not strong enough to do so, but he nevertheless takes the damage and (snarls) hisses back at the bear clutched onto his shoulder. Cool. That ends your turn. Keyleth, you're up. Okay, can I see the smoke from the fire rising up from what Scanlan did on the other house?",Athletics
Acrobatics,"guard's head is no longer across his shoulders. (cheering) Okay, I move the black cloud to the next guard. He also gains disadvantage on all-- let's make it dexterity saving throws. Ability checks. Ability checks, yeah, so all dex checks. So the smoke (whoosh) pours off the body and coalesces around the next guard to his right. All right, that ends your turn. That's the end of my turn. Vax. All right, I've got double speed. I go right",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"guard. He also gains disadvantage on all-- let's make it dexterity saving throws. Ability checks. Ability checks, yeah, so all dex checks. So the smoke (whoosh) pours off the body and coalesces around the next guard to his right. All right, that ends your turn. That's the end of my turn. Vax. All right, I've got double speed. I go right towards the table, make an acrobatics check to slide my ass across it-- Are you doing what I did?",Acrobatics
Athletics,"fangs get caught on the chain. (grunts) Like making out with braces. He pulls away, releases you-- no, doesn't release you. As he's holding you there, he's going to go ahead and make a claw strike across your face. Two and, oh. That'll be a 19. That does hit. He does hit? Okay. You take eight points of slashing damage, reduced to four because of your rage. That ends his turn. Grog, you're up now. Am I still grappled? You're still grappled, yeah. I'd like to try and break the grapple. Okay, so you use your action to try and",Athletics
Acrobatics,"The mist is there, yeah. There's a clump of mist where he once was. Somebody light a match! I'm coming! So the head disappears from his mouth, or did he still get a big taste? There's still some thick, purplish, congealed blood in his mouth, but the vampire's form has been forced to mist at zero hit points. All right, that brings us to Keyleth. Okay! So seeing Vax go over the table and being like, ""That was cool,"" I'm also going to be like (grunts) over the table. I'm going to join the Dukes of Hazzard train.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Just ominously stepping up the stairway. I like it. That brings us to Vax. Right, so I'm going to start rushing up the stairs. Before I do, I'm going to spank Grog as hard as I can on the ass and say, ""Kill!"" And run up the stairs at the first guy who's enveloped in Percy's smoke and start stabbing him. Okay. He's up above the banister, so you probably have to-- There's no balcony? No, the idea is the banister rides up and there's a wall along it, and then they're all up on the second floor here looking down at this. So there's no way up there?",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"now. They were trying to haul ass out? Nah, I'll hold. Whoever's next can go. So polite. That is really kind of you, Grog. That ends your turn. It is now the guards' turn. They all... Run away. They're going to try and flee, aren't they? They look to each other, and their one leader goes like, ""Men, run!"" They all rush and leap off the balcony, try and catch themselves there.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"11 points of damage. Across that guy. Okay. Trinket reaches out and strikes across one of the guys, the guy you Hunter's Marked, who takes the claw across the side of his head, and you hear him yell out in pain, (scream) as he makes it out into the rain. Hurt, but not taken down. He continues to run past, and they all dart outside into the rainstorm. I'll take my turn now. (laughs) Okay, Grog. I leap over the banister with my war hammer high and jump down on the guy that's closest to me, bringing it down with a reckless attack and great weapon master.",Athletics
Intimidation,"So I'll just regular old attack and I can only get one of them. I yell out from the top, ""Vex, no survivors!"" All right, all right! (zoomf) Next arrow nocked. That's a 19 again. 19 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Okay. 13. 13 points of damage. (zoomf) That guy is, through the back of the head, (zoomf, groan) and just slides through the mud for another two feet. And I act like I have another, that I can attack him again. I say, ""Stop!""",Intimidation
Perception,"now mixed with in the rain outside. Melt with prejudice, okay. Got one guy left. Now as you guys are all gathering around, we'll say from a roleplaying standpoint, as there is no real immediate threat to you  there is one guard left, who has currently one broken ankle and one missing lower half of his left leg, on the ground, looking at you all, hyperventilating and trying to back away, like (panting). Time to call the Sandman. Since I'm outside on the threshold of the house, can I see where Scanlan might have lit up the other house yet?",Perception
Intimidation,"""Got it."" I go upstairs with Percy. That mist is probably following me around at this point, isn't it? The black smoke, you mean? Yeah. Oh, yeah. The black smoke is slowly trailing behind you. With each step you take, it licks the back of your boots. Oh, boy. Okay. Is there anything else you can tell me in regards to back doors or secrets that your bosses don't want us to know? I mean, really, this is the time to talk, right now. Anything you use to identify each other?",Intimidation
Perception,"people from the Sun Tree? ""Yeah, as a warning."" ""Where I saw that child?"" I slit his throat. (extended choking sounds) With a wet gurgle, the life expires from his body, a pool beginning to form on the tile below him. Nicely done, Vax. Piece of shit. So Percy and I are upstairs alone? Yes. Can I check his body? (laughs) You begin rummaging through the body. You're keeping an eye out. Make another",Perception
Insight,"body. You're keeping an eye out. Make another perception check. I go upstairs, and I get Percy up against a wall. I turn around and slam him against a wall. Okay. This is sexy. 27. And I look him straight in the eye-- And kiss him. And I say, ""Are you all right?"" I think so. Look me in the eye, Percy. I feel cruel, but in control. This is controllable, at the moment.",Insight
Investigation,"de Rolo family crest in the smoke. Okay. You begin to take the plume of smoke and filter into the dark rain clouds and you make the smoke go to a thicker, thicker black and take the next few moments to begin sculpting in the air until eventually we have a very well-defined de Rolo crest now staring down at the entire city of Whitestone. Oh! Something's happening! Something's happening in the sky! That's me. I think it's a magic wielder of some sort. Something-- I must flee! (laughter)",Perception
Perception,"pretty bland, with a staircase that leads down into what was once servants' quarters that has been converted into a torture room. Oh, lovely. It's a little nicer in its presentation and tools than the duergar torture room that you encountered in the Underdark, but this looks to be like Tylieri had a definite interest in entertaining unwanted guests. Okay. Vax or Vex, will you come check this hatch for boobies? (laughter) I jog on down.",Perception
Perception,"corner there is a pad of fresh earth set up, and there is a dark box. Um. About eight feet long. I hear him say ""Um,"" and I jump down, too. With the Flametongue dagger out for light. Okay. The room lights up a little bit and you can see across the way there is a not super-detailed, but a fairly well-crafted coffin on the opposite side of the room. Ooh! I bet there's treasure in there! You might be right. Yeah, let's go have a look. Is there treasure? Did you find treasure?",Perception
Investigation,"velvet material, the smell quickly fades. It looks like there are some small baubles in there, keepsakes. There is what looks to be a cape or a cloak that is laid across the bottom of this for comfort. Roll it up. Put it into my satchel. I'm going to take a dagger out and I want to cut all the way up through that purple velvet. Just see, just in case. Okay. You cut through the purple velvet. Rummage through underneath. It appears to be the back of the box. I'm going to check his desk upstairs for anything interesting.",Investigation
Perception,"make your way to the front of the building. The doors are closed and locked. The alcove? Closed and locked? I'll see about that. I'm going to check the door. Go for it. That is ten. 23. Okay. Seems to be a fairly simple lock. All right. Look for an ambush around. Can we look around? Yeah, perceive it? Rooftops? Sides of the building?",Investigation
Persuasion,"They're right on the inside. I thought it was upstairs, or you said right on the other side of the door? Right on the other side of the door. Oh, for crying out loud. I push past them I just go, Jordana! Jordana, it's us! Okay, there's a pause and a voice goes, ""Who's us?"" Oh. Crazy grandma! And Vox Machina. (quietly) Does she know we're called that? No. I don't know. (louder) Crazy grandma was staying with you. Crazy peasants. Allies.",Persuasion
Insight,"We also, somebody-- there's the point that somebody is informing on us. Someone is informing on us. What are you talking about, why? They were ready for us. They knew we were coming. Of course they knew we were coming, we killed one of their-- They said there was an informant. They said that there was an informant when we were there. Who did? That guard. He said our contacts were right. Our informant was correct. Somebody is informing on us. It could be you.",Insight
Athletics,"No. Keyleth, we've got to go. I say we let her hit them, and we run. Scanlan, can you drop the fog just a bit? Nope, not by magic. He can't control it. It's on the ground. You can probably see above it. Fog is low. Well, the fog this creates is a magical fog that obscures an entire area. If you climbed to the very top of the tree, you might be able to get a little bit of a visual. All right, I'm going to climb as high as I can.",Perception
Athletics,"I'm running back. I'm going back towards the skeletons. I was carrying you. You're on Trinket with me, aren't you? Can he carry both of us? No, I was pulling her by the arm. I break from Vax's grasp and start running back Go ahead and make-- this is technically breaking a grapple. I do want to trail back a little on Trinket and try to cast Conjure Barrage as we're running. Okay, so, so Trinket begins to turn around. You're fighting. It would be either acrobatics or athletics versus your athletics.",Athletics
Perception,"precarious, but not too much to really bother you guys. You get to the top and you look over and you see this sea of thrashing about skeletal entities, some looking fresher than others, and all intent on trying to find some way-- and you start to see some of them starting to climb up over each other to get to the height of the wall. I'm just going to hold and anybody who gets too close-- I'm just going to take a shot at anything that gets too close. Okay. Can you see any giants from up there? Can I see any giants from up there?",Athletics
Perception,"wow. 16. Yeah. (laughs) General saves on this. I'm rolling for shit. Yeah, you are! All right, so with that (blast) the shock wave blasts outward, and you see skeletons being thrown-- pieces of skeletons. Arms and weapons and pieces of shield and armor being flung in the air. As you see 12 of them immediately disintegrate and explode around it. In that moment, though, the horde pushes again and fills that gap almost instantly. You do see the end of it now, at this point. It looks to be probably a total of 65 left",Perception
Athletics,"do you guys want to do? Ladies first. Can I jump off of the wall? You can. Into the group?! You can, yeah. Yeah. I can? Okay. I want to try... I want to see what happens if I cast Turn Undead. Or Destroy Undead. You have access to both. Oh man. Okay. It's a 30-foot radius. Let's do it. I want to see it. I want to see what it does. All right, so I need you to go ahead and",Athletics
Athletics,"She killed 36 of them! It hurts at impact, and you feel like the bone wobbled as the skull (bone ratchety noise) back towards you. This symbol does nothing for me. I'm here to soak up damage for you, Pike. Let them hit me in the face. It looks great. Good craftsmanship. But well done, that was a fun round. That was a test. It's better now than against Sylas Briarwood. (laughs) True enough. Can I make it around the wall?",Athletics
Athletics,"(laughs) So with the Chain of Returning attached to your hammer, you go ahead and (propeller noise) send it swinging towards one of the further skeletons. 25. 25 definitely hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Ten... 14. 14, doubled due to the bludgeoning vulnerability on the initial impact. The hammer slams into its rib cage, causing it to cave inward. Its entire upper body just falls into itself as the hammer, not meeting any resistance, goes beyond and (impact) splotches into the mud.",Athletics
Investigation,"them run back to the doorway of the temple, and they all stop for a second and give a silent prayer to themselves, and then join the rest of their crew as they go walking back towards the city. What time is it right now? Right now? It's hard to tell. Hopefully, it's a while until dawn. It's about two hours past sunset. Oh, good. We've got time! That's good. I pull out my Flametongue dagger and just look in two or three graves. I don't know if there's anything in there. Are you trying to grave rob right now?",Persuasion
Arcana,"looks like a fairly nice dagger, it has a little like gold sheen to it, and looks like there's gems encrusted in it from this distance. All right, go get it. (laughter) It looks shiny. So you leap down into the grave, drop, your feet hitting against the wooden bottom of the coffin. Smells musty and it's been rained in heavily, so it's not as bad as it could be. It looks to be a pretty dagger. You reach for it and pick it up and look at it, it's lightweight, it's ornamental, it's not actually more of a functional--",Arcana
Arcana,"encrusted in it from this distance. All right, go get it. (laughter) It looks shiny. So you leap down into the grave, drop, your feet hitting against the wooden bottom of the coffin. Smells musty and it's been rained in heavily, so it's not as bad as it could be. It looks to be a pretty dagger. You reach for it and pick it up and look at it, it's lightweight, it's ornamental, it's not actually more of a functional-- I want to make an arcana check. It's ornamental.",Arcana
Stealth,"around all of us. That really terrible one that doesn't work well? Yeah, the really terrible one. I'm doing that to help keep us shielded from the rain. Okay. Are you guys coasting within the city's walls, or are you moving outside of the city's walls? Outside of the city. Okay. So you find your way a little bit southward-- Stealthing. Stealthing, to make your way outside of the city, into the forest surrounding the outskirts of",Stealth
Survival,"As Percy presses along, coughing and keeping his eyes peeled, you press on for about 30 minutes to the north. The rain begins to subside a little bit, and you can hear the occasional (cracking noise) sound of these strange growling, cat-like noises. You know that some of the indigenous creatures of the Sierras-- Do I know what this sound is? You've heard this before. It's nothing terribly dangerous. They're just natural cat-like creatures that live in the trees. Ocelot-like. They're indigenous to this region  that's them communicating. It's initially off-setting, but you keep pushing forward. I would have both of you",Survival
Survival,"eyes peeled, you press on for about 30 minutes to the north. The rain begins to subside a little bit, and you can hear the occasional (cracking noise) sound of these strange growling, cat-like noises. You know that some of the indigenous creatures of the Sierras-- Do I know what this sound is? You've heard this before. It's nothing terribly dangerous. They're just natural cat-like creatures that live in the trees. Ocelot-like. They're indigenous to this region  that's them communicating. It's initially off-setting, but you keep pushing forward. I would have both of you guys make survival checks.",Survival
Investigation,"Everything that I am worried about. The cough. The cough. Everything, so that she's filled in on his darker turn. Okay. Did you get that, Ashley? I did. So, pressing on, eventually catching the edge of that mountain. That, to you, is the inclination  you know this area very well, spending most of your time living around this castle. You gesture for the rest of the group to follow you up towards the edge of this central mountain platform that the castle's upon. Eventually, coasting along the side-- I want you",Investigation
Athletics,"that forms the lower portion of the wall. Big guy, come here. What? This is new. These haven't been here long. I'm not very strong  do you want to start hucking rocks? Wait, say that again? I am extremely fast and nimble and could totally fuck you up, but I can't lift that much, including door jambs. Could you help me move these rocks? I suppose. I go and I start moving rocks. You look very handsome in that beard.",Investigation
Nature,"are pretty small and you're pushing them aside and rolling off. Eventually, you start getting to the base of this area and you can see now, there are a cluster of bushes that have long died and are crushed under these rocks. Does this look familiar to me? This would be similar to the placement of where the bushes were that originally obscured the crawlspace that led into this tunnel. I think this might be it. Well, what happened here? Did they blow it? Does it look like a cave-in, like somebody did it on purpose?",Perception
Investigation,"from here. They're not expecting people. This was taken care of, in their minds. I say we squeeze Grog and Trinket in here. And camp in the tunnel? Yeah. I'll go ahead a bit and take a quick peeky-poo. You don't think they'll patrol this area? No. Does it seem like there's cobwebs? Does it seem dusty and disused? If you crawl inside to look... Are we inside? Let's all crawl in. As you guys all may your way inside,",Investigation
Medicine,"(laughter) I smack her on her little gelatin back and say, good work, Pike. (laughs) I go over to Percy. Percy, how are you? I don't know. I've had a cough, and I'm... complicated. I did a check on him, Pike. His cough doesn't seem to be anything natural or disease-related, so it's nothing like a fever. Not a real one, anyway. Oh boy. Okay. Can I do any extra check on him? Yep. Drop your pants.",Medicine
Medicine,"say, good work, Pike. (laughs) I go over to Percy. Percy, how are you? I don't know. I've had a cough, and I'm... complicated. I did a check on him, Pike. His cough doesn't seem to be anything natural or disease-related, so it's nothing like a fever. Not a real one, anyway. Oh boy. Okay. Can I do any extra check on him? Yep. Drop your pants. You can make a medicine check on him. You're getting the radiant digit.",Medicine
Stealth,"Okay. He's still looking a little sickly, but definitely improved. Did I heal, as well? No, you just lose a corruption point. So does that get rid of one of his weird ailments? He still coughs. I do feel better. The cough is still there. I watched all of that, and when I saw him lean back into the earthen wall, I quietly back up and I'm going to go down the tunnel, like 50 feet, and see--",Stealth
Perception,"but does part of you want to hold onto some of this? It could be. I'm not quite finished yet. We'll see where we are tomorrow. Okay. While this is happening, Vax has vanished ahead into the tunnel on his own. You guys look around and realize that he's nowhere to be seen. Fuck him. I go to sleep. (laughter) Okay. Vax, pushing ahead. Thankfully, in the darkness, you have a little bit of vision, limited as it is. From the glowing gnome?",Stealth
Perception,"You keep pushing towards this tunnel and turn to the right. You travel a bit further forward, and as the tunnel makes another sharp right turn, you see all of a sudden where the dirt a broken portion of what looks like the back side of a wall of some kind. You see nothing beyond it. It looks like there is a piece of stone something pressed against it, and looks like some other things are stacked, basically covering this entrance. I would like to just sit down on the ground and close my eyes and listen for a full minute and see if I hear anything.",Perception
Perception,"Well, hold onto that. I shall. I let out a little sleep fart. Can I borrow just a pinch of your black powder? No, I'm running really low. No. Just a finger dab? No. Oh, god. Yes. I lick my pinky and I put it in, and I slowly draw a big ballsack on Grog's forehead. Roll a sleight-of-hand check. Sure. I'm going to sleep before this happens. That's a 23.",Perception
Arcana,"actually mined in this-- Do I recognize this part of the passage? You do. This statue is one of the large things used to hide this exit, and it is normally shoved out of the way. There are a few other boxes immediately adjacent to it, and from what little bit you can glance past it, it looks like this section is used for storage of some kind and is filled with whatever random crates and whatever needed to be placed down here to keep it out of the way. Can someone check to make sure that it's just a statue?",Arcana
Stealth,"fine-tuned to seeking out that presence. It doesn't have a specific form  it doesn't have a specific school of magic applied to it. It just has a general, faint magical aura. Is it carved out of the rock? It's carved out of the white stone. Got you. But it's not magically trapped? Correct. It doesn't appear to have any sort of strong magical presence for a specific purpose. And if we touch it, we're not going to be possessed or something. You don't think so. I don't think so. I silently signal to everyone, and I slowly",Investigation
Investigation,"I know we've got two paths, but he said there's a room, as well. Here, this will be a good perspective for you. Oh, you just happen to have the room drawn? That's where you guys came through. Yeah? And see this path here? Yeah. And here. And there are cells on this side. Is there anything good in the storage room that we're in? Oh, you're in the storage room? Yeah.",Perception
Perception,"besides that in this room? From what you can tell, no. There's no dim light or anything? The only dim light is coming from around that corner, from the source of where that sound seemed to come. Okay. I should be able to see, then, if there's dim light. Up to 60 feet. Right. Nothing immediately in your visual perspective. If you go all the way to the edge, you can look past the corner if you want. Okay. I slowly back up away from that and creep up the hall and stop at the corner before it turns and I just lean my head out and I listen.",Perception
Insight,"the village. Everyone we can. Do all of you step forward at this point, or is it just you? Just him. Mr. High Charisma. I am not alone. I have friends with me. Some of whom look quite scary, so don't be alarmed if a bear stands right behind me. ""A bear?"" It's a good bear. It's the best kind of bear. He's the cutest. ""Who is that?"" That's my friend Vex. Vex, come forward. I walk up a little bit behind Scanlan and I",Persuasion
Arcana,"""terrible cell."" She kind of looks about. Has anybody been coming down and feeding you? ""Every now and then."" Not on a regular basis? ""Every day or so they bring enough to subsist on."" As she's talking, I'm going to see if there's any sort of arcana or magical incantation on her, or any sort of possession. Is that something I can check for? Do you have the Detect Magic spell? No. I do.",Arcana
Intimidation,"He was the first one out of the light. Right, but everyone else is still in the shadow, all these voices coming at her. She can see me because I went down towards Scanlan. Okay. She steps a little closer to you as you're holding the whip out, and she grabs your hand with her left hand and kind of pulls it in and goes, ""Please. Don't leave me here. I can fend ""for my own. Just don't leave me here."" I step forward now behind Scanlan. Super fucking intimidating. If things go well upstairs, we'll be back. If when we leave, you make a peep, you won't ever again.",Intimidation
Perception,"No no no, there's something, I don't know what, I couldn't make out what I was hearing, it sounded like hay or grass moving, so I don't want to mess with that. Someone's sleeping. I think it was the straw on the bottom of her cell, right? No, that was her passage. There's another passage to presumably another set of cells. So I will skip along quietly 20 feet ahead of you all. Try to see. Old people love us. We're the worst. You skitter around the corner. Go ahead and",Perception
Perception,"very hard. I'm putting on a show for her. Oh, this is a really difficult lock. Okay, as you're going for the lock, she rushes up and helps you with it and is holding, like, ""Yes, yes, please, just like that. All right."" And then what? ""You turn it this way. You don't have the proper tools for this--"" I snap the thing into the lock. Oh no. I knew I shouldn't have done that. ""Foolish girl!"" I just don't know what I'm doing, but I will be back with someone who does.",Investigation
Intimidation,"You very much recognize her. You do notice, by the way, her right hand? The sleeve ends. There is no hand there. It is just a missing hand, and the left hand is visible. As far as we can see, unarmed? Right? Yeah. Anna? ""Yes?"" Let's be frank with each other. You have either you are going to die in this cell-- and I promise you, you will die in this cell-- or you are going to convince us why you shouldn't. So I would start talking right now or I swear we will not leave this dungeon before you're dead.",Intimidation
Insight,"She says, ""Well, for one thing, I've been here with them for the past five years. I helped them ""reestablish their current social control of this city when they left it a pile of flames and ""rubble. And their little experiment beneath the castle? ""I was one of their chief scientific designers."" Tell us about the experiments beneath the castle. (chuckles) ""You'll have to ask Sylas or Delilah for that. I don't have all the details or ""the reasons behind it, other than the process I was brought in to construct."" Can I see if she's lying?",Insight
Perception,"(laughter) And just put it gently at her back, going, nothing personal. I'm just feeling a bit nervous. ""Understood."" She straightens up a little more and continues walking ever so carefully. Not quite leaning her head or making too many large movements, but definitely still keeping a seemingly nervous eye on how quiet the atmosphere is. I creep over to one of the doors in the room and see if I can hear anything on the other side. You don't hear anything inside the room.",Perception
Perception,"Okay. You two coast up to the glass and look out, and another cloud-covered, slightly drizzly morning has taken the caldera between the mountains that houses Whitestone in this forest. You can see the entire city of Whitestone down below this elevated part of topography. What you do see, one, are large plumes of smoke, about six or seven of them, all gathered towards what you can tell now is the north side of the city, which is the closest to you. You guys are on the southwest side of the castle, based on the spatial awareness you've now made. Where the more upper-class folk would live, I'm assuming?",Perception
Stealth,"Before my sister leaves, I grab her by the arm and say, ""Listen to me--"" (creaking) What is that? Pizza. Forget I said that. Listen to me, I do not have a good feeling about this. And I start to undo the cloak that's on me, And I want you to wear this. And I tie an elven cloak. Shut up, please. I don't need it. You will wear this. You will stay hidden when it is needed. You almost lost me. I almost lost you. You will wear this as needed. I will wear it. Thank you. I walk out ahead of her. Pull the hood up. So you get advantage on",Stealth
Persuasion,"Ability on you. For charisma. I don't need it. Well, you do now. Has it worn off? It lasts for a minute, so yeah, it's worn off. Oh, it only lasts for a minute? Friends only lasts for a minute. I had enhance charisma on for a while, but now it's gone, so if you do it, what I had is gone-- Pour some sugar on, Keyleth. I'll do it. I'm going to enhance. In case we get busted. So you'll have advantage on",Persuasion
Investigation,"unhurt. Yeah, Grog! Grog with the steal. Ooh, I get a piece of paper! Shit, Potion of Flying. This is awesome. All right, do you have your shit? Can we get out of here? ""Yes. Everything else here is of no interest to me."" She kicks one of the drums on the way out. Slips back into the hallway. Anything you could use, Percival? Was there any more black powder? I've taken all of her ammunition and black powder, I suppose. Anything else that looks useful to me?",Investigation
Investigation,"Okay. You glance about the room. It's lived in. The actual bed covers themselves are pulled off. You can see she has a vanity mirror cabinet in the far corner. It's all put away. The chair's open a little, like it was stepped out of. The room is absent of anyone. I walk over to the closet. I open it. Okay. You open the closet. She has outfits there. Many of them don't appear to have been worn in a while. Looking for signs of life with the paper on the desk. You search her desk? Yes.",Investigation
Perception,"She begins making her way towards the landing that leads to the stairway down, whereas you stealth off in that direction. You find your way around that corner. Go ahead and roll perception. As I'm moving, by the way, it's minor, but I take out Clarota's (sniffs, groans) metallic cap and put it on, and I also whip out this other cloak that I've been looking at and whip it around. You're not here. And now continue on. All right. So both will attune to you at your next short rest. Yes, all right, excellent. It's fine. Well, you've worn Clarota's thing before. There's two things. Moving forward.",Stealth
Athletics,"calling of Jenga. So go for it. I'll cast it-- no, I'm just going to keep it at 1st level for now. I'm going to save my higher-level ones for Cure Wounds, so I'm going to cast it at 1st level, so that's 1d4 plus my spellcaster. Three. That's not too bad. No, sorry. 16? No, 13. 13? Okay, good to know. All righty. That's your turn. Vex, you're up. So I'm with Anna. Trinket-- I tell him to hold onto her and drag her along with us. Okay. So he clamps down on her arm. So one, two. He's going to attempt to",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Okay. So I saw him go down. Yes. Does it look like he's awake now to me? I'm mean, it was all happening very quickly. You have no idea. This all happens very quickly. You just saw your brother take a huge-- I scream and I run towards him. Okay. I slide down on my knees and slide across the room and try to cast Healing Word the minute-- or cast Cure Wounds the minute I get to him. You won't get close enough to do it, unfortunately. If I slide down and slide?",Acrobatics
Athletics,"the study. You reach out and your hands meet his form, stopping you in the process just as the surge of healing energy jolts through his body. So you can go ahead and cast it on him. Okay, so I'm going to cast that at 3rd level. So that's 3d8. Where are my d8s? That was the worst roll! Nine! So you heal nine hit points. That's good. That's okay, because I slid to you. It was amazing. I'll never forget it. (laughs) Okay, that's your turn. Yeah, and Trinket keeps dragging her. Forward? Okay. That ends your turn. All",Athletics
Medicine,"right? Because of the shield and the armor. 18. 18 points of damage? With that, the second arrow strikes into the center of its chest armor. It hits some sort of core where its arcane form is held and the reddish energy blinks out, and the armor just (impact noise) crumples to the ground. That's two of them! What's up, bitches? That was tough. Okay, I immediately turn my attention to Cassandra. Can I do a medical check on her to make sure she's okay?",Medicine
Perception,"held and the reddish energy blinks out, and the armor just (impact noise) crumples to the ground. That's two of them! What's up, bitches? That was tough. Okay, I immediately turn my attention to Cassandra. Can I do a medical check on her to make sure she's okay? Go ahead and make a medicine check, yeah. Where's Ripley? I start running out the hall to Ripley. Me, as well. Oh, Trinket is still running after her, too.",Medicine
Medicine,"can. Except wait. Hold on, I get advantage because he's got advantage on smell perception. Oh, it's the same thing. Okay, so Trinket is keeping track, but is having a hard time fully keeping up at this point unless you're giving full attention towards him at this point in time, but is keeping a track. He is rushing as fast as he can down the stairs and is currently out of your sphere of personal influence at the moment. I should have Hunter's Marked her. (sighs) I grab Scanlan, and we're taking off after her out the door.",Medicine
Perception,"she looks up and touches your hair and goes, ""I see ""we've both survived quite a bit."" I wouldn't trade. She laughs to herself, and you see another tear curl at her eye, and then her face goes cold for a second and she, not breaking this gaze, steps back. ""You shouldn't be here. They were ""using me to get to you. I'm so sorry."" Are you all right? Did they do anything? Are you yourself? She reaches up and holds her neck. ""I'm good. I'm good."" And she steels herself for a second, and even more so, you see there's an intensity to her.",Perception
Perception,"our goals are aligned to free this city, let's do ""it together. But I don't have to listen to you."" God, you're irritating. Fine. Ugh! She walks out of the room. Percy! She's so obnoxious. What? You have a sister. Oh god, I do. You guys, charging off. Trinket's keeping trail. She's run down the stairway, he is beginning to slowly gain on her. She reaches the front doors, does remember the caltrops. Jumps over them, grabs the door, opens it, and rushes out into the daylight. Go ahead and roll a",Perception
Investigation,"what's on him. Like, his head bits? I don't want any of him sticking around. Do we have to put him in the Bag of Holding, though? Why can't we just set him on fire? Yeah, stuff him in a closet or something for now. Fire will do. Is there a fireplace in the room? There is. Throw him in. Fine, we'll throw him in the fire. Wait. Let me see what's on him, first.",Investigation
Perception,"I'll look with Scanlan. 12. He doesn't quite fit, so I have to snap some joints. 27. Okay, good. As you're looking through and finding papers, papers and ledgers and tough discussions of old classes, untouched on the side, you go through one of the bottom drawers, and there's a lock to it. Well, let's unlock that. Vax, do you need my help to unlock it? No, Shorty. Hold on. Are there any traps in there?",Investigation
Insight,"Is that your sister? Apparently. She's currently now dressed in armor you've seen as ornamental before. It was armor that your mother trained in when she was young, but was unused for a long time. It seems to be serviceable  it's been updated and such. She slides a shortsword into a sheath at her side, and her hair is pulled back and tied off, and she looks at the rest of the room. ""So are we ready?"" Let me see your neck. She steps up and lifts her chin up towards you. By the way, this is Grog.",Investigation
Athletics,"doesn't mess with anything fancy or unnecessary. The ammunition she does have are made specific to size to her pistol. They will not function for the Pepperbox, unfortunately. They will only work for the pistol. Doing okay. Not doing great, but I'm doing okay. It does act as a pistol for rules-wise, which is on your sheet here, so yes, you would have that. Do you want it? Just in case yours misfires? I'll steal it back from him if I need, but it should be fine.",Investigation
Athletics,"Yeah, we took out the ammunition. Okay, now give me a bullet. Maybe don't do that. I hand him the ammunition. I load four of them. Yeah! Giving him a loaded gun? I'm a big boy. Well, I'm a little boy. But I'm a little big boy. I would like to walk past Scanlan and grab it out of his hand. I will prevent him from doing that! Okay. You guys are fighting over a loaded gun.",Athletics
Athletics,"I hand him the ammunition. I load four of them. Yeah! Giving him a loaded gun? I'm a big boy. Well, I'm a little boy. But I'm a little big boy. I would like to walk past Scanlan and grab it out of his hand. I will prevent him from doing that! Okay. You guys are fighting over a loaded gun. Sleight-of-hand check. Athletics check. You go first. Is this a skill check?",Athletics
Insight,"17! Shut up. 27. As you go to be, ""No, what are you--"" It's already gone. You don't even know where it went, you didn't see him take it, you just all of a sudden see it in his hand as he walks past you. And I walk over to Cassandra. I don't give her the gun, I just say, you're Cassandra? ""Yes."" I was at the door. He had a knife to your throat. He wanted you to say something to us. What did he want you to say? ""He wanted me to shout for help. He wanted me to draw you in.""",Insight
Insight,"could be a puppet. Can I try this? This is a long shot. My-- actually, our fey ancestry, from being half-elves. We're immune to charm effects. Or we have resistance. Resistant to it. Advantage against saves. Since we have that, can we use our fey ancestry, the three of us, to tap into her and see if we can detect a charm? Your resistance doesn't make you attuned to it. Unfortunately, it's just a natural ability that's inherent. Her being human, there's not a way to really correlate with that. I mean, you've",Insight
Perception,"there is about a 15, 20-foot wide and about a ten to 15-foot tall hole burrowed into the far wall. And the closer you get, you see large piles of dirt that fill one side of the room were put off to the side as if pieces of this dig were discarded and there is a trail of dirt across the ground that appears to have not been very well cleaned to show that dirt was being moved in and out of this area. You also see, as you push two-thirds into the room, broken pieces of whitestone that had been carved into what looks like parts of walls or pillars. Support things that failed in their construction and just broke and were tossed and discarded to the side. Make a",Investigation
Nature,"I don't remember. It wasn't very good. Okay. 13. Okay. Those of you with about 25 or above, you glance and you find two of these slivers of this material you don't recognize and part of this broken stone. It's like a dark green glass. About a half an inch to an inch thick in slivers. You only find a small scattering few, and it has a grainy texture to it, and you take a look at it, and it's transparent. You can see shapes through it, but it's opaque enough to the point where it distorts a little bit of the visual and color behind it.",Nature
Arcana,"Can I do a nature check on this? Is this similar to the broken glass that I collected before? Which broken glass you collected before? I don't know. I just have broken glass shards. I feel like that was the red stones or something from before. I feel like there was some sort of-- There was that sea of glass. Yeah, we were in some cavern. Oh, the sea of bone and glass? Okay. Yeah, it is not similar to that, no. However, those who are trained in arcana, you can go ahead and make",Arcana
Nature,"Negative two. You would have filled in, if you have a proficiency. The dot? The dot. Oh. Oh. 11. You have really no idea what this glass is. I grab it back. Okay. That was just me? I'm the only arcana-trained person here? That's it? Wow. Sorry, guys. Sorry.",Nature
Survival,"It appears to be, or naturally occurred, and the structure of it has this bumpy, wavy-- it's not like smooth glass. Like when lightning hits sand? Kind of. But you're not sure what it actually is. I wonder if this was holding that acid. I wonder if something very, very hot... I'm wondering if it's a symptom of something. When they burn the whitestone with the acid or something? Do I see any recent tracks around here? Does it look like people came down here?",Survival
Perception,"It looks like there's some tracks here, but I don't know what it's saying. Grog, you immediately see a cluster of recent footprints, probably a day old at most, that lead in towards the tunnel. Looks like the prints are of seven individuals. Feet are fairly wide, masculine and heavy in step. One gait appears to be smaller, thinner, and more feminine. How many tombs are open around us? Eight total in this room. Should we check the tombs? They're already open and empty. They're open and empty.",Investigation
Religion,"the gun. Daggers out. Go ahead and make your two attacks against him. No sneak attack damage. The first was a 13. The second was a 22. Pretty sure the 22 hits. 22 hits. Okay. Go ahead and roll damage against Percy. Eight. All right, so you take eight points of piercing damage. You feel the blade (pained cry) pierce into the side. It doesn't get too far in, but you haven't been on the receiving end of his daggers before, and it's not fun seeing what they do to others. All right, at the end of your turn,",Athletics
Athletics,"I forgot to add her to the initiative. That's my own fault. I just thought she was being a bitch. I'll give her a couple of rounds here in a second. Anyway, finish up. Trinket runs forward and tries to pull Grog's focus so that I can back away. Okay, so Trinket moves up to there. He tries to grapple him, or something. Can he do anything to make Grog not be able to attack me if I run away? Can he try to knock him down, or something? Jump up on his back and knock him over. Use an action to make a trip attack. Sure,",Athletics
Athletics,"second. Anyway, finish up. Trinket runs forward and tries to pull Grog's focus so that I can back away. Okay, so Trinket moves up to there. He tries to grapple him, or something. Can he do anything to make Grog not be able to attack me if I run away? Can he try to knock him down, or something? Jump up on his back and knock him over. Use an action to make a trip attack. Sure, why not. Roll an athletics check. Okay. Yeah, no problem. I'm imagining a bear doing mild calisthenics.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"calisthenics. An athletics check for me? No, for Trinket. Okay. 12? Make a strength saving throw, Grog. That's a 26. Yeah, Trinket rushes over and tries to knock you off your feet, and you just (thud) no effect. You still have a bonus action and your movement, if you want to. I'm going to try to roll out of the way. I'm going to try to duck down and roll out of the way to make him less likely to hit me. Yeah! The old ""less likely"" trick.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Fuck me. 15. 15 piercing damage. And 11. Okay. (three gunshots) We are so strong! We should never fight ourselves. All right. That ends Percy's turn there. Vax, you're up. Am I able to slide around Keyleth closer to you, into that little alcove, or am I too pressed against the wall? The other way. Currently, it's just enemies, so you can't move past them. Okay.",Athletics
Medicine,"You see it look at its hands, and you see it look at you and look at Percy on the ground, unconscious, and it moans out in horror as it suddenly dissipates. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it! Which one of my ancestors did you just shame to death? Again? The one who possessed you! Okay, fair. Again! (laughs) You're going to say it, aren't you? I double back to Keyleth and start trying to administer some sort of aid. Hi, I'm dead.",Medicine
Medicine,"at you and look at Percy on the ground, unconscious, and it moans out in horror as it suddenly dissipates. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it! Which one of my ancestors did you just shame to death? Again? The one who possessed you! Okay, fair. Again! (laughs) You're going to say it, aren't you? I double back to Keyleth and start trying to administer some sort of aid. Hi, I'm dead. Medicine check? Is that it?",Medicine
Insight,"""in the eyes of my people. Brighter than any I had witnessed in my youth. I saw their love for my ""family. I saw the intent of these people to take back what was theirs from this corrupt force, and ""I knew that I had a part to play. If they choose to leave me alive, as much as they try and sway my ""interests, it also brought me close to them. I watched them. I could see what they were planning. ""Try and gather details of this construct they're working on beneath the city and feed this ""information to those who I knew were still true and behind the de Rolo family name. I don't know ""what I can say to offer you more than that."" I don't think there's anything you can say.",Insight
Stealth,"Are we going to try and separate these two? Is that the plan? I think we're going to take the lay of the land first. See what we're up against. Not a bad idea with Cass, but we'll see. Vax? All right, so I'm going to go ahead through the hole. Should I stealth with you? Sure, you're very good at that now because of my gift to you. Hey! Hey, there you go. You guys are both going to stealth ahead? Twins, side by side. All right,",Stealth
Survival,"All right. You guys continue on this slowly descending tunnel for about ten minutes or so before you see it divide to the left very heavily and then continue forward. There's still no light source here and so you're relying on your darkvision to continue, but there's the switchback to the left and the one that continues forward. I lean over to my sister and say, I'm not going to do anything, I'm just going to look 50 feet down-- How about wait a fucking second and let me look for footprints? All right. Can I look for footprints?",Survival
Perception,"notice that the smell of the air itself is, you notice this as well as you're inspecting, the air down here has a very acrid, sharp scent anyway, a hint of chemical. It seems to be getting stronger to the left. That's where the acid pits are. Acid. Briarwoods. Briarwoods? Yeah. All right. Continuing to push forward, about another five minutes or so, keeping track of your distance to the castle you're starting to get towards the outside perimeter of the actual city itself. As you're keeping tabs on distance traveled to that area, you catch, based on your",Perception
Perception,"them, please. Copy. Somebody tell Trinket. And Pike. He fucking understands signs. I'll be in charge of guiding Trinket. Okay. He listens to you. The awkward large bear-Percy-- They got the message. He's still my friend. At least the bear still loves me. You continue forward for another I'd say 20 minutes. Go ahead and make another",Perception
Persuasion,"doesn't seem to be affecting your system. There is some element of the ""holy shit it's delicious"" feast you guys had that is keeping the toxins at bay from entering your system. I spent the last few years building up an immunity to iocane powder. (laughter) Also, doesn't your belt of Dwarvenkind have something like that? Nope. No? Okay, never mind. He just grows a beard. You have advantage on charisma? I have resistance against poison damage.",Persuasion
Arcana,"Go for it. 29. Oh, that's good, that's better than mine, but not much. 23? Question mark? Okay. Both glancing in what little bit of space you have to poke through, you can see the room itself, it's about 80 feet across and about 50 feet wide. From the doorway, it's a slight ramp that leads down into an open floor area, also the bronze metal, and then across the way another ramp that rises up to meet a small upper platform area. and there appears to be a door on the opposite side.",Arcana
Perception,"""larger, stone troughs that these chemicals have been refined in, and for whatever purpose they've ""required them, have been kept there. Dr. Ripley, actually, was in charge of a lot of that ""development and creation."" Percy and Cassandra, does this material mean anything to you? The bronze? Does it keep any type of energy out? Why build a room out of bronze? That's a question for you, as well, Percival. I don't know. I would like to get a better look. Are there markings on the walls? Is there any scripting?",Perception
Nature,"And the floor is bronze? The floor is bronze, as well. The roof? The roof is not bronze. The roof is what looks like solid whitestone. That don't look good. Pike, Keyleth, do you make anything of this? Anyone want to go touch a wall? I don't even know. You have no knowledge of-- I'm not great with magic. I'm great with nature, and I'm not great with dungeoneering or anything like that, either. Can I do some sort of",Nature
Perception,"On just on your wall-- Just on my wall? Just on your wall, there's three along the way. There's one in the center of the room in line with the central opal, and there's two to the sides of it about four feet from each other. I've gone into a crouch, so I'm very low, butt dragging along the floor and just sort of-- So you notice that. You skirt underneath. Leaning my back against the wall. Okay. They pass overhead. As you make your way underneath the three opals in this part of the wall. Making your way up the other ramp to the other side.",Investigation
Perception,"Just on my wall? Just on your wall, there's three along the way. There's one in the center of the room in line with the central opal, and there's two to the sides of it about four feet from each other. I've gone into a crouch, so I'm very low, butt dragging along the floor and just sort of-- So you notice that. You skirt underneath. Leaning my back against the wall. Okay. They pass overhead. As you make your way underneath the three opals in this part of the wall. Making your way up the other ramp to the other side. Continued perception check?",Perception
Perception,"adjacent to each other? Do they appear to be lined up? Well as you can tell, there's the one in the center of the middle of the floor. Then there's one on the wall that he walked across, and as you to the other wall, there are another matching set of three on both walls. And they're all lined up. And they're all lined up. There's the two in the center of the room that match the one in the floor and then there's one to each side of that about four feet apart. Okay. I'm going to walk in a little bit. Are there any on the ceiling?",Investigation
Athletics,"a quarter-mile south of you. So probably not under the Sun Tree. Currently, no. Okay. Walking up to the door, does it look like I can get any purchase with my little finger-bits? Nope. It is flush with the ground. I have a pickaxe that I picked up before we left. Okay. Can I swing it at the bottom and try and find some purchase under the door? You could try. Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead and",Athletics
Perception,"No, maybe if we all think about the strength of our friendship and bond together. This is our time now! Hold on, as much as I love Pike, you aren't a real person right now. Maybe we should swap out Pike. Yeah, Pike, as you pull your hand away, the stone is glowing. And it fades momentarily after you put your hand there. Oh, it does work. Never mind, Pike. I love you. But are there any on the ceiling? Nothing on the ceiling. Do we see any missing ones?",Perception
Perception,"Oh, is this your room? I didn't even realize we were in your house right now. How good to see you again, darling. Sylas leans forward and puts his hand to the glass and says, ""And hello to you, too. And ""welcome to all of you. Well, my dear."" At which point Delilah steps forward and goes, ""I was hoping for a more formal reunion, but you ""insisted on riling up the populace and tying up the bulk of our forces. ""Rather unfortunate, really."" Now, the door's open behind them, right? If I use perception, do I see anything behind them, any switch or lever or anything?",Perception
Perception,"Yeah. That was quite a ways away. Oh, damn it. Okay. It's probably a mile behind you. Pike, is there any way you can get through this stone wall to the other side to see what's there? Oh, yeah! You're made of jelly. Can you do it? Oh no, we can't hear you. Hold on, we can't hear you. The darkness is consuming her. Oh no, she's muted. Hanging up and calling you back.",Perception
Perception,"Hold on, we can't hear you. The darkness is consuming her. Oh no, she's muted. Hanging up and calling you back. Roll a perception check. Who, me? Yes. I am having some fabulous dark chocolate right now. It is so good. They're feeding it to me. Can we hear you, Ashley? There we go. Four. Okay. Okay.",Perception
Stealth,"I think we should, because as far as they know, we're dead now. They don't know we got out of there. It's true. Okay. So everyone go ahead and roll stealth. Oh my god. Yeah, I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on us. I still critical failed. Wait, can't you roll again now that I told you we were casting-- (laughs) Nah. It stays, unfortunately. Doesn't work that way?",Stealth
Perception,"whitestone you've seen used in the construction and all of the mining materials here within the city, but from what little light you have in the room-- and there is a little bit of ambient light from torches set at different points, and those who can see decently at a distance, and there is an ominous glow to the structure itself-- it gradually turns to a greenish color. Hard to see exactly why this transition is, but it goes from white to a green towards the top, and it levels off. You can see what looks to be a small separate structure at the very top. There are long stairways that are visible on the two sides you long stairways.",Perception
Deception,"instinctively and look down at her with a look of ""What are you doing?"" You reach forward and reach out your hands against him. Let me check Restoration real fast. Let me see here, Greater Restoration. 5th level. Ends effects like charmed or petrified. As you reach out and touch him you feel the impact of the Briarwoods' influence fade from your mind. As she touches you, the charm is dispelled and you look at your daggers and look where you are and look at the moments and the last few minutes and you're like-- Then can I look up and stay in a defensive stance and back towards Lady Briarwood? Oh, feigning?",Deception
Stealth,"above you pull back your arrow and inciting the magical enchantment of the bow, you release and as it does it (crack crack) crackles with energy and splits into three separate arrows that arc around each other almost like a helix of DNA. As they all streak downward they (impact noises) slam into Sylas from the other side him now being assaulted on all fronts. I use my bonus action to hide again. Okay. Well you're still out in plain sight. Unless you're pulling way, way back. If you want to pull back towards the shadow. I want to hide. Okay. So you pull further and further away",Stealth
Perception,"15, 16, 17. 22. Okay, you resist the effects of the blade now, having saved from it. That ends your turn. At the end of your turn, Sylas is going to go ahead and spend one of his legendary actions to get a free movement without provoking attacks of opportunity and shift up with an amazing speed to the other side of both. As soon as you rush over to Grog he appears up in front of you grinning with his blade at the ready, right next to you and Grog. That ends your turn. It's now Cassandra's turn. Oh, god damn it, what are you going to do? Make the right decision, girl!",Perception
Perception,"the end of your turn, Sylas is going to go ahead and spend one of his legendary actions to get a free movement without provoking attacks of opportunity and shift up with an amazing speed to the other side of both. As soon as you rush over to Grog he appears up in front of you grinning with his blade at the ready, right next to you and Grog. That ends your turn. It's now Cassandra's turn. Oh, god damn it, what are you going to do? Make the right decision, girl! Roll a perception check, Percy. Oh! (blows raspberry) Nine.",Perception
Perception,"Advantage, because I'm a half elf. I don't need anything because I'm a half-elf. Is she blinded? It didn't work. Is she trying to charm me or hold me? Nope! Trying to disintegrate me to death? She looks over to you and mutters under her breath (foreign word). It's a phrase you've never heard before, but as soon as it happens-- As soon as she does that-- do I see this? You're just around the side of this. I do not see it. You glance around the side for",Persuasion
Perception,"orb, about a foot in diameter, that's resting in the center of this upper platform. Can I take a potion really fast? At the top of your turn, you can, as a bonus action. The orb is floating? The dark orb in the center of the platform that she's currently on in the center of this room. It's half-embedded in the ground, and she scatters her blood across it. You can see her shaking with fear and trepidation during this whole circumstance. She splatters her blood on the dark sphere?",Investigation
Acrobatics,"slam down into the center of this. And I'm unconscious. You're unconscious on the ground. (thud) That's my first time I've ever been unconscious. I thought you were going to die. She's still connected to her rope, though, isn't she? No. I took out a fancy robe. I was going to trap the globe. Whose turn is it? Can I get to her? You guys are up on this roof right now. I'm leaping. If you let me leap, I'm going",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"And I'm unconscious. You're unconscious on the ground. (thud) That's my first time I've ever been unconscious. I thought you were going to die. She's still connected to her rope, though, isn't she? No. I took out a fancy robe. I was going to trap the globe. Whose turn is it? Can I get to her? You guys are up on this roof right now. I'm leaping. If you let me leap, I'm going to leap and take an acrobatics check.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"(impact noises) Falls off the steps, falls out of sight behind the pillar. You don't even see where she is. She falls out of visual range. We don't know if she's unconscious or dead? You don't know. I'm going to circle around to her right now. You're not going to try to heal me? No, I know. Oh, shit. You're not going to heal me? Yes, I am. Fuck that. Can I jump down, then? I'm feeding a potion to my sister.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"I'm feeding a potion to my sister. Acrobatics check? Thank you. 18. 18, okay. You land and take ten points of damage from the fall. All right. Trinket's at the door going, (sad bear noises). Trinket's trying to get in on this side. All right, Percy's gone. Scanlan, do you want to try anything? I can move within 30 feet of Vax? You'd have to get on the ground to do it. All right.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Oh, that's right. Never mind. They would come down to meet you. Have I reached the top? We'll say now you've managed to climb up towards the top. I want to pick up Pike under my arm like a fucking football and run forward after my sister. You grab her and bolt off the side. Once we hit the ground-- we're outside of the room, right? Should we try to heal her? I've got a common. There's going to be 14 points of fall damage to you as you land because right now you're not carefully landing. This is just clutching her and",Acrobatics
Arcana,"Three times. Yeah, so with that, as you're carrying her there, there's a moment where all of a sudden, Vex's eyes open and (deep breath). Vex is sitting there, looking around, confused, catching her breath in Grog's arms as he's bolting down the steps of the ziggurat. Grog, you smell terrible. (chuckles weakly) Maybe we should get out of here. Do something to that little ball. I'm alone with the little ball, aren't I? Okay, I'm going to go up to it. Can I tell any type of magical properties from it from looking at it?",Arcana
Medicine,"force of it, part of the wound was cauterized, but she has been bleeding quite a bit on the run down here, and she would probably need some sort of-- Should I stabilize her? Yeah, wait, stabilize her first. We're away from the fucking sacrifice area. Maybe we should just kill her. I want to quickly check my gun. Is Lord Briarwood's name still on it? You go and inspect the barrel. No. Sylas Briarwood is currently erased from the barrel. Let's hold off just a bit before we kill her. I have some really dirty rags. Could I do",Medicine
Religion,"as the Whispered One. They're very secretive about ""it. The only reason I knew was because I overheard a few conversations and questioned them about it. To ""which there was punishment. But they mainly kept me to try and keep the people at bay. My job was ""to keep in contact with anyone who would attempt to rise against them, and inform them. I would ""prevent any surprises, although apparently (chuckles) and thankfully, I didn't do a very good job."" And she looks around the room at the rest of you. Can I check my history memory banks to see if I know anything about the Whispered One or if that jogs any memory?",Religion
Religion,"""it. The only reason I knew was because I overheard a few conversations and questioned them about it. To ""which there was punishment. But they mainly kept me to try and keep the people at bay. My job was ""to keep in contact with anyone who would attempt to rise against them, and inform them. I would ""prevent any surprises, although apparently (chuckles) and thankfully, I didn't do a very good job."" And she looks around the room at the rest of you. Can I check my history memory banks to see if I know anything about the Whispered One or if that jogs any memory? Roll a religion check, Mr. Bard.",Religion
Insight,"""Honestly, I didn't know anything beyond the name. ""I just knew they were very close with this individual."" When you betrayed us, you said you were serving a higher purpose. Did they plan to sacrifice you to him? ""I know there was a blood ritual involved. I did not know more than that. There was to be a ""gift of power should I give an element of my life to this ritual."" She shakes her head for a second. She blinks her eyes, and she says, ""I don't feel like I was right in my head. I look back on so ""many decisions I've made, and all the people that I've--"" The tears just start flowing again.",Insight
Sleight of Hand,"No. Check her person for anything. Oh, I will gladly do that for you. Hold on a second. Are you sure you don't want to smoke this bitch? I check her person for anything valuable. I think we're just going to throw her into the acid pits. No, I don't feel... What's the plan here, Percy? I pick up the Pepperbox off the floor to give it to him, and I try to sneak out a bullet. They're different bullets. I don't know that!",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"into the acid pits. No, I don't feel... What's the plan here, Percy? I pick up the Pepperbox off the floor to give it to him, and I try to sneak out a bullet. They're different bullets. I don't know that! Okay. Make a sleight of hand check. Three! Shit! Plus two! Plus two. So five. (giggles) The three, in theory, is actually low enough to break it further.",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"five straight minutes, and we're not going to deal with it for much longer! Sorry, Percy. I'm with Vax, here. I had a dream, and that was all. You mentioned just now that you wanted your money back. Was this a dream? Did you pay somebody? And with what? It was a dream where I was offered a means to revenge. It was a dream! Well, clearly it wasn't! Well, I know that now. Percival. This is as new to me as anyone. It feels like you are lying to us.",Insight
Religion,"Yeah. She runs? Can I do something? If you want to, instead of holding your action, cast something, you can do that. Yeah, I'm going to go up to Percy and cast Protection from Evil on him. Whoa! Which... What are you going to choose? You get to choose a certain type of creature which he's protected against. Do we know anything about Orthax? You have no idea. You saw it briefly. I'm",Religion
Stealth,"Good to know. That's as much as you can ascertain with that roll. Okay. All right, then I'm going to cast-- where is he? (shouting) He's in the fucking wall! Just hit the whole wall. Hunter's Mark. Can I sense anything about where he is? Yeah, you can actually sense him. He's maybe ten feet inside the wall. So he's hiding? He's currently hiding in the wall, yeah. All right, then for my bonus action, I'm going to hide, as well.",Stealth
Perception,"on the ceiling like a bright spotlight that fills the area. As it does, you can see the creature (howling groan) shrinks away from it, and its smoke actually dissipates, lowering its armor class again. Oh, that's a good move! All right. Are you going to stay where you are, or are you going to move? I'll take another step back. Okay. That's good. All right. With that... Okay. There's a momentary whisper in the shadow around you. And the sound of chains. I want everyone to make a",Perception
Stealth,"It was a 20. 21 for the second. Nice. 42 points of damage this round. These arrows now find their way towards the cracks that are starting to appear in its chest and as each one strikes in, these arrows are actually visibly staying in its body. What was once this amorphous smoke, after the impacts from Grog and as it begins to wear itself down, it's starting to find it harder and harder to keep this ethereal form, so now these arrows are sticking out of these cracks of purplish, glowing energy and it's moving a little more sluggishly. I hide again for my bonus.",Stealth
Perception,"Yes. Okay, that ends your turn. Percy, you're up. I yell, Delilah's getting away! You guys all glance over. The shackles that are on the ground are now collapsed and empty. Oh shit! With the gag safely removed from her mouth during this allowed her to cast Misty Step, which is a verbal-based spell. She is currently-- How far away? I'm calculating that right now. And can I see her? I'm going to have to ask you to roll a",Perception
Perception,"turn double-speeding, trying to-- Trying to catch up? Trying to catch up. Okay. And then as I pass my sister, I yell, she went this way. She's invisible. Okay. Do I hear that? She went this way! She's invisible! I hear it. We hear it. Yep. All right, so that's Percy's turn. I'm so sorry, everybody.",Perception
Perception,"footsteps, but you don't see them freshly being made, so you know she's not too far yet. I'm going to follow that path of footsteps. I'm keeping an eye on them. Good to know. Vax, you're up. All right, I'm going to use my bonus action to dash and run 60 feet after Percy to catch up. What? You're not going to kill the smoke beast? You're going to kill the smoke beast. Okay, so you use your bonus dash, your movement to get there, so you move up 60. So that's 60 feet from where I was? Okay, and I'm going to throw a dagger after-- well, can",Stealth
Nature,"the robe. No, take everything. Take everything. Yeah. All the fabric. I take it. Okay, you take all the fabric. The robe and the cloak. So mark those down. The cloak itself looked like cloth at a distance. Close up, you can see it's actually a very fine dark black/purple fur, and down at the side of it, you see dangling these two long tentacles that end in these little cupping spiked elements. It looks like it was carved from a creature at one point. This is the cloak? The cloak.",Nature
Investigation,"just watches it sink. Well? She brought a lot of ill to this world. Don't feel too bad. Cassandra turns back around. She was too dangerous to let live. What about you? How do you feel? How's that gun barrel of yours? Yeah. I pull out the broken barrel and inspect it. Looking at it, you can see, Delilah's name is missing from the barrel entirely. Cassandra's name is still on the barrel, and so is Ripley's.",Investigation
Insight,"Well, I'm sure they don't know that the Briarwoods are dead. So perhaps if we tell everyone the Briarwoods are dead. Cassandra? Maybe we'll see Ripley on the way out. Wouldn't that be nice? I just had a thought, Percy. I cast Friends on him. Okay. I think I know how to fix your gun, if you hand it to me. Never in my right mind would I hand my gun. Go ahead and make a-- it'd be a persuasion",Persuasion
Perception,"pushing into towards dusk. But as you open up and look outside, with what daylight is still there, you see little plumes of smoke coming from the far city. Down the pathway that leads up to Castle Whitestone, you see about 70 to 100 armored humanoids marching up towards the front of the castle. Humanoids? Bipedal. Can I pick up my caltrops? You begin to pick up your caltrops. I know what this is. Well, they're good guys. No, it could be an undead army.",Perception
Persuasion,"broken and jagged teeth in her mouth, and she goes, ""Come closer. I've never tasted gnome."" Okay, so maybe we'll kill her. Would you rather die? What kind of weapons did these two have on them? The men look about themselves and Yennen, ""Not entirely certain. However, she has been known ""to carry a quiver or two, and this one here wields a blade as long as his body."" The Briarwoods are broken and gone. You can die today, or you can take your licks and help rebuild this city. No one is here to protect you or save you. You can work hard, start again.",Persuasion
Investigation,"of the gold, Grog. Shit. I'm going to pull one over on her one of these days. Can you make things look like they're gold? I can, actually. You can? Yes. All right. I've had my thought for the day, there's nothing else. When you have the punchline, let me know. It's a standby TV symbol right now. That's all I got. So, as you take some time, first off, I want",Investigation
Persuasion,"Well, I believe in you. And I need you for a very important commission. A great good has been done here by the rebels, by the townspeople, with the help of Vox Machina and of course, with the help of Vox Machina's leader, myself. Therefore, I'm here to commission a humble portrait of myself. You may not know him, but there was a folk hero in my town growing up. His name was Fabio. He would frequently pose with windblown hair and an open shirt on a horse. I was thinking something like that, and also I have this figure of Pike. She's a friend of mine. I'd like her on the back of the horse, arms around my waist, looking super hot. If that's possible.",Persuasion
Arcana,"Thank you, sir. Jameson, was it? ""Jameson, yes."" You have done a noble deed for your people and for the rebel forces. ""Eclipsed by the deeds you have done, Sir Gnome."" Oh, that is true. (laughter) He rushes off to prepare himself. And then, one last thing. On a serious note, I do some research to see if me, or any one of my party could, over time and with great effort, learn the skills required to utilize a teleportation circle.",Insight
Perception,"Are you working with the Briarwoods? Did the Briarwoods send you?! ""Can you please get her off of me?"" Hey, kids, this is why you shouldn't drink during the daytime. ""Anyway."" Do your magic. ""So, sir."" Takes one gold piece off, sets it aside. ""Now, the ethereal ball. This was ""taken from the Far Realms themselves, crafted in the ivy-covered hills in the far North End, the ""Feywild itself. How could you follow this, with but your simple vision?"" He places one cup over it, two cups to the side and begins shifting and",Persuasion
Deception,"over, puts his hand out expectantly. The barmaid hands him a tankard full of ale. He downs it in one gulp, slams it on on the table and stands back up again. He glances over at you and steps back into the crowd. The second round of the events go in. You are paired up with the gentleman who defeated Scanlan. Kick his ass, Grog! Yeah! Put him in a body bag! I sit down and I say, I feel really bad for you mate. You know, my friend? He's got hand herpes... So do I. It's true.",Deception
Persuasion,"(laughs) He sits there and tenses for a second with a grin, as he growls, his cold breath in the cold Winter's Crest air dissipates up above him and he gives you a nod, the slow look of warrior intensity, but respect. You can see he's looking forward to hopefully this as much as you are, but he still has a battle to do himself. I've spent the last ten minutes while he's kicking that guy's ass to find a soldier or somebody in the crowd to bet. A young boy? I'm not you. (laughter) 200 gold on Grog. Somebody in the crowd.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"Six. It's that sword's influence. Yeah, it's laughing in the Bag of Holding. She brings you right down to the edge of the table and you can see in her face, there's this genuine look of surprise, like she probably could have finished you, but she feels like there's a trick or there's something to it that she can't be beating you this easy. I'm so surprised by what's happening. I use Intimidating Presence on her. Oh shit. (laughs) Okay. Go ahead and make an",Intimidation
Persuasion,"The other one stops, stands up and walks away, going (distressed noises). Spits out the food in his mouth in his hand, re-examining his life. The other remaining gentleman finishes the pie. There's sweat down his face (panting), you see the little bit of a chinstrap beard he has just covered in berries and bits of crust, this awful appearance. Trinket finishes the last bits of the pie (chomp, distressed bellow). Oh, I feel so guilty right now! Why is he so good at being sad bear? I know! Don't be sad bear, be happy bear! 300 gold! It's just 100 gold.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"going (distressed noises). Spits out the food in his mouth in his hand, re-examining his life. The other remaining gentleman finishes the pie. There's sweat down his face (panting), you see the little bit of a chinstrap beard he has just covered in berries and bits of crust, this awful appearance. Trinket finishes the last bits of the pie (chomp, distressed bellow). Oh, I feel so guilty right now! Why is he so good at being sad bear? I know! Don't be sad bear, be happy bear! 300 gold! It's just 100 gold. Make a persuasion check.",Persuasion
Perception,"Okay. (sighs) You manage to pull apart, over the period of a few days, Ripley's pistol. You take aspects of whitestone and residuum dust as well as residuum glass and begin to reconstruct it, based on its elements, in a much more refined, in a much more Percival-practiced method. You attach the fifth barrel, the one that you intend to be used to deliver short-range explosives, and it seems to fit together. Okay. It's nothing fancy, and a little part of you goes like, it's rattling a little when you shake it in your hand. Can I give it a once-over?",Perception
Stealth,"(laughter) And you all immediately stop for a moment. Hello? What was that? You hear some other rustling down at the edge of the hallway. Are we on the top floor, or down where the-- You guys are in the foyer of the main temple's base floor. Okay. Pike, stay here. I'll take care of this. Are you sure? I was born sure. Okay. I go forth to investigate.",Stealth
Persuasion,"you can hear the classic sound of hoofs clopping on the cobblestone, the shouting of different individuals across the thoroughfare, and you make your way towards the center of the Cloudtop District. As you guys approach the main gate, the guards immediately step in front and as you two approach, ""Halt, there! Have you business here in the Cloudtop?"" And he looks over at you and goes, ""You're Vox Machina. You're not allowed in here, and I'd like to know your business, please."" We're here to seek an audience, and we would be more than happy to have an escort. This is an audience that the king is going to wish to take.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"in the future, but I would like to put forward the beginnings of the proper paperwork to perhaps have Greyskull Keep designated as an embassy, with all the privileges and rights that that presumes. What does that mean? ""That could, no, that will be arranged."" I will confer with my peers. You're on Whitestone soil. Before we give Desmond his appointment as a royal messenger, which I guess he is, would the kingdom-- he risked much to keep himself alive and possibly to testify on our behalf-- would the kingdom be willing to give him a quick little reward for his time spent in captivity?",Persuasion
Perception,"things being rummaged around through inside. You can see a couple guards are picking apart his room, and at first glance as you step up, they see you, and the guards step aside. Council members coming through. Take five. The guards stop rummaging as you enter. You can see cabinets and stuff have been pulled out, bedsheets have been turned over. Most of the room appears to have been left untouched, except for most of his belongings-- anything that would have worth is empty. Most of his drawers are empty. You can see already, there is what looks to be a small chest that is open and empty on the ground.",Perception
Perception,"you, and the guards step aside. Council members coming through. Take five. The guards stop rummaging as you enter. You can see cabinets and stuff have been pulled out, bedsheets have been turned over. Most of the room appears to have been left untouched, except for most of his belongings-- anything that would have worth is empty. Most of his drawers are empty. You can see already, there is what looks to be a small chest that is open and empty on the ground. Well, I'm gonna perception check that shit. Go for it.",Perception
Investigation,"Take five. The guards stop rummaging as you enter. You can see cabinets and stuff have been pulled out, bedsheets have been turned over. Most of the room appears to have been left untouched, except for most of his belongings-- anything that would have worth is empty. Most of his drawers are empty. You can see already, there is what looks to be a small chest that is open and empty on the ground. Well, I'm gonna perception check that shit. Go for it. I'm gonna perception check the whole room to see--",Perception
Insight,"it nice and tidy in here. This isn't even our palace. Don't make him use the sword. ""Oh no. I don't want him to."" Just answer the questions. It's totally fine, all right? It's going to be fine. Do you want some water? ""No, no."" Pipe to smoke or anything? Just anything to relax you, make you feel better. ""No, I'm okay."" When was the last time you saw Riskel? ""That would be three and a half days ago. He took most of his belongings and packed them up for ""a trip. He said he'd be back within a month.""",Insight
Insight,"palace. Don't make him use the sword. ""Oh no. I don't want him to."" Just answer the questions. It's totally fine, all right? It's going to be fine. Do you want some water? ""No, no."" Pipe to smoke or anything? Just anything to relax you, make you feel better. ""No, I'm okay."" When was the last time you saw Riskel? ""That would be three and a half days ago. He took most of his belongings and packed them up for ""a trip. He said he'd be back within a month."" Insight check that bitch.",Insight
Insight,"I haven't been paying close attention, but who is this mark? He didn't say his name. Don't know his name, he's just a dickhead. That's all you know? What district does he live in? No, no, no. The old man wants to redistribute his wealth and we would be the vessel by which he would do that. ""You've got a smart bodyguard on your hands, too! (laughs) What's your name?"" Grog. ""That's a good name. Yeah. Speaks of intelligence.""",Insight
Insight,"Don't know his name, he's just a dickhead. That's all you know? What district does he live in? No, no, no. The old man wants to redistribute his wealth and we would be the vessel by which he would do that. ""You've got a smart bodyguard on your hands, too! (laughs) What's your name?"" Grog. ""That's a good name. Yeah. Speaks of intelligence."" Insight check? Sure. 29.",Insight
Persuasion,"""Sounds to me unfinished and rather sloppy. Just Doctor is fine."" All right. Sorry. Professor Dranzel. ""Yes? Doctor. Doctor."" Dr. Dranzel, and I want to know if you're really a doctor later, but I think, perhaps, maybe there's a little tidbit of information about this that you're holding back with because-- I would understand. We're new. We don't really know each other. We're not really on that friendship level yet, but my point is, we could be friends like that. We could be-- I'm trying to see if this works.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"could be friends like that. We could be-- I'm trying to see if this works. Make a persuasion check. You know what I'm doing. I'm attempting Friends. Oh, interesting. I'm attempting. Okay, okay. Good to know this. All right, then. What saving throw does he get for that one? I get advantage on charisma rolls. Oh, right, right. Okay, okay. Yep, go for it. Am I just rolling charisma? You're rolling a persuasion with advantage.",Persuasion
Insight,"house, if you want me to break us into the house, which I can certainly do, I really need to know a little bit more. Your chances of getting whatever you're after inside raise if you're honest with me. And I don't feel yet like you're being honest with me, so I want to help you, but I don't think I can and without me, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but we're not getting in the house, so is there anything else you wanna tell me about--? ""That's all I know. All I know is they've had a few other of the thieving persuasion have ""made their way in before and they came out with a decent chunk of change, given that they could only ""be in there for a short time.""",Insight
Insight,"As you head to the barkeep, you see a dwarven woman wearing a simple blouse, but pulled up past the elbows. She's currently wiping down part of the front-- you can see her hair is pulled up to a ponytail that drifts past her shoulders down to the center of her chest. She glances up to you as you approach. ""Hi, so what can I get you, dear?"" Hi. You have rooms, yes? ""We have rooms, aye. We only got one currently not occupied."" Do you have an older gentleman? Elven, battle scars-- I describe him-- staying here right now? ""No? No, I haven't seen someone like that.""",Insight
Insight,"dwarven woman wearing a simple blouse, but pulled up past the elbows. She's currently wiping down part of the front-- you can see her hair is pulled up to a ponytail that drifts past her shoulders down to the center of her chest. She glances up to you as you approach. ""Hi, so what can I get you, dear?"" Hi. You have rooms, yes? ""We have rooms, aye. We only got one currently not occupied."" Do you have an older gentleman? Elven, battle scars-- I describe him-- staying here right now? ""No? No, I haven't seen someone like that."" Insight-check her?",Insight
Persuasion,"countertop. It sure would be wonderful if you could remember anything about him being here, however. She takes her cloth that she's wiping the counter with, and wipes over and pushes the gold coins towards you. Pulls back and goes, ""Sorry, dear. I can't help you."" I walk up by my sister, and where the woman just wiped that away, I take a piece of chalk out of my pocket and write thieves' cant-- not the word ""thieves' cant""-- I use the thieves' cant on there is a threat here. I can help you deal with it. And that's it.",Persuasion
Stealth,"first ever flaute-off? Flutist-off? Flute duel! Featuring me! Scanlan Shorthalt! And you, Kaylie...? ""Kaylie's fine."" Kaylie's Fine, everyone! (laughter) Some of the folks around are like-- some seem disinterested by it, and some clap. All eyes up here! It'll be a great show! At this point, Dr. Dranzel is like: ""Hah! Well, this will be interesting!"" And he's still sitting back, watching. You guys are going in first, you said? No, I already went in.",Perception
Stealth,"Well, this will be interesting!"" And he's still sitting back, watching. You guys are going in first, you said? No, I already went in. Stealth check. (quietly) She told me to go in! So that's a 23. Okay. You seem to slip in. And there are two individuals currently running the kitchen. There's the smell of food, but there are no meals currently being cooked. They're just talking to each other. They don't even notice you slip by. I put my hood up before I head back that way.",Stealth
Stealth,"""You're picking the song, mates!"" Then you see two folks come out. One's an older woman, wrinkled face, hair's a bit tattered, but she seems happy and smiling amongst her-- happy lines are all throughout her face. The other one's a younger guy. Probably, looking at the features, related to her, who's helping her out in the kitchen. And they both step out, confounded. ""What's going on?"" ""Well yes, what's going on?"" Just pick us a song, any song! Everyone, give a round of applause to your cooks for the evening! I grab Keyleth and we slip behind them and into the kitchen.",Stealth
Stealth,"you to make an ode to the kitchen staff. Could you call the kitchen staff out and-- I did already! I did already! You called the kitchen staff out? Yes! They're the ones who are suggesting the song! Oh, really? We've just been in-- in the back-- in that downstairs room where we didn't know!? Well, we're in a separate room! Yep! There you go! (chuckles) Good thought! I had the same one! Everybody else: come now, come now, come now. All right, so you guys head down. Make",Perception
Stealth,"quickly. And there is this similar hatch that you guys have come through before. It's about five by five foot wide. I check for traps. Check for traps. Go for it. So mayhaps with the bear entering, there is enough of a distraction for one suit of armor to clankily make its way down? You would think. You guys were caught in the attention with Trinket, at the same time. So you guys were in the middle of the fray, as you were walking past. As you're bringing Trinket out, the attention is pulled away. I want you guys to make another",Investigation
Deception,"the kitchen, you hear the voice of one of the staff, ""Excuse me! Excuse me! You can't be back here! This is our kitchen, we're trying--"" I'm gonna throw up! I'm gonna throw up! Yeah, she had a lot to drink! I've had so much to drink! You had a lot to drink, be careful. Yeah, she's going to spew! ""Take it outside! Don't do it in our kitchen!"" I need a pan, or something! She's got infectious diseases too! When she spews, everybody catches it! I have the consumption.",Deception
Performance,"you can see her face starting to go red. But she's determined on this, and she continues pushing this into an improvisational flurry of notes that completely walks around your performance, previously done. And you find yourself having to take a step back as she begins stepping up onto the table. And now, even at her gnomish height, is looking over the entire crowd, as people-- who were not previously as interested-- are starting to turn around and look towards you two play. I can't be one-upped. I use Minor Illusion to create sort of a mirror image of myself, over myself, also playing the flute. (laughter)",Performance
Stealth,"flute playing begins to pull back, as you begin to step up onto the same table next to her. Twice as high now, with the illusionary Scanlan above you, almost like those awkward middle school superimposed photos of yourself in the upper corner. And lasers in the background? Yeah! As the music swells, and the drums start picking up, you see Dranzel has now pulled up his violin and he's now furiously fiddling along with it. The music swells and swells. The guy in the kitchen who is looking for you guys hears this, and now turns his head and goes, ""What's going on?"" And looks back into the room.",Stealth
Stealth,"superimposed photos of yourself in the upper corner. And lasers in the background? Yeah! As the music swells, and the drums start picking up, you see Dranzel has now pulled up his violin and he's now furiously fiddling along with it. The music swells and swells. The guy in the kitchen who is looking for you guys hears this, and now turns his head and goes, ""What's going on?"" And looks back into the room. Guys, make one more stealth check. Come on. With advantage? No.",Stealth
Performance,"Okay. What did you get? 18. Maybe he'll think it's cymbals or something. Best two out of three, you make your way in. (laughter) Thanks to the music, the clanking is over-- How about I pick up Pike with my 20, and I carry her in. Sure! Still works out. Minimal clank. Plank. Hold your abs. So, as the music picks up and swells, at",Perception
Performance,"Blowing at each other. Eyes locked, tapping your feet heavily against the actual wood to the table. The rhythmic pounding of your feet and the drums-- because the entire room now also slamming their tables in with it as the music builds and builds until eventually you both take one deep breath and go for that same sustained note a second time. She's challenging you at the game she lost last time, and the two of you both swell into this cacophonous spray of music that hits this one final note that pierces through and all the slamming stops, and everyone just waits to hear how long it will go. It carries and carries and carries. The breath never seems to",Performance
Stealth,"""That's a lot of coin."" I get around a lot. ""Perhaps we'll have a drink later."" And she steps off the table. Now the rest of you have all made your way down into the storage chamber. Oh god. Anything we encounter is far easier than what just happened. Do you want to cry? Because I would want to cry. Money means nothing to me. Should somebody pickpocket her? Fuck yeah, man. Are you going to join them? Yes, of course!",Stealth
Perception,"Yes, of course! Go ahead and make a stealth check. Oh, wait. Oh yes, I still have to sneak back there, don't I? I just go invisible. All right, you step under one of the nearby tables and come out, completely invisible. You make your way, stepping through the kitchen, downstairs and find that you currently, right now-- Vax, you are going to unlock the latch, you said? I'm sorry, I was just thinking of Wendydoodle's art from the comic. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to check that door for traps, is what I'm going to do.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"part of this exit was destroyed. It has been reconstructed and there at the bottom of the stairway is a thick wooden door, wrapped in iron bars or strips of iron to keep it nice and taut and strong, and you can immediately see five locks down the side of the door. Everybody hold up for a second, could we crowd-surf the bard up to us at the front please? Oh, is that me? The bard, yes. Grog, toss me forward. Not really getting his meaning, I grab him by the back of the shirt and I just chuck him. Being at the bottom of a stairway, I want",Investigation
Perception,"get up. Thanks Grog, thanks. I'm gonna scoop a hand under his head and give him a slap on both sides. (huffs) What are we looking at? Listen to me. I'm gonna try to do the talking in here, because I know these people a little. But if that fails, I need you. All right? You-- me? Yes, just do my thing? I need you on ice for a little while, all right, so just stay between me and my sister. Okay. Yes, yes, sir. Five locks? Five locks, yes.",Investigation
Survival,"the left down a long hallway. To the left of where you currently are, the hallway continues into darkness and turns around the corner into shadow. Okay, so there was a cell that we were in, and there was a larger room where we were surrounded by Modeth and a lot of people. But there were a lot of hallways Do we smell anything? You smell the residue of burnt wood and tinder. Nothing beyond that. Do I see any tracks that look like they could have been from an elf, an old guy with some battle scars.",Survival
Deception,"The very elegantly carved box I had made that contains the magical blue shard that we discovered many, many years ago, and I open it just for a moment and close it and say, this is the Shard of Kara. It is a magical item that can grant the user one wish, any wish. But Scanlan, you said we were going to keep that for ourselves. I did. But it's clear that this man knows who we are and why we've come. No. As a last resort we are cleared to offer this to you in exchange for your prisoner, or is he-- are you holding him as a prisoner or--?",Insight
Deception,"will not be involved. You have an hour."" That's all we need. ""What is your password?"" Once he is free, then you get-- in our custody, then you get the note. We'll leave it outside the door. (chuckles) He puts his hand like this and other individuals of the Clasp back out and leave into the hallway behind you and he leads you to follow him and-- I say, careful. Do not open that box without the password or else it will melt your eyeballs from inside your head. (laughter)",Deception
Stealth,"And what did Ashley get? Nine. Of course. Okay. I would expect nothing less. I like to think that she looks both ways before attacking just to see-- All right, so. You rage. I rage. Who's doing what now? Vax is our point man. We're both at the door and I called out, so I guess we'll wait a moment to see if he'll-- A moment passes. You want to check? I can open the door. Well, I already went stealth earlier too, I",Stealth
Stealth,"I rage. Who's doing what now? Vax is our point man. We're both at the door and I called out, so I guess we'll wait a moment to see if he'll-- A moment passes. You want to check? I can open the door. Well, I already went stealth earlier too, I got a 25 on the stealth check. I can go again if you want. Do you want to try and stealth in the room? If we wait like 30 seconds and nothing happens. Nothing happens, yeah. Okay, make another",Stealth
Intimidation,"All right. We have now officially, as of this moment, entered combat. You technically would be next in the initiative round at this point, but you're holding your action until-- what are you holding your action until? I was only going to do that if you told me that I could move around him, now that I know that I can't-- All right, you did that, okay. Okay, never mind. Gotcha. All right, cool. So that will be, in theory, the first opening to the battle. Now we start the initiative order. All right. So now we're starting off. Vex, you're up first. I call out: Daxio, don't be a moron. Step outside and lower your weapon, you're surrounded.",Intimidation
Intimidation,"Okay. Good to know. All right, that brings us to Grog. I bellow out: you're in for the fight of your life if you don't drop your polearm. The next thing that hits the ground if you don't will be your skull. Are you using your action to intimidate? Yes. Okay. Go ahead and roll an intimidate check. Don't you have some sort of intimidate thing? He's not in a frenzied rage, though. No, but I'll take Craven Edge out and leave him unsheathed, which gives me an advantage",Intimidation
Intimidation,"He has to make a wisdom saving throw. Yeah. Oh, is that what he was doing against my spell save? Is that what it is? Damn. Wait, no. That is a 17. Sorry, I misdid the math. So it does go through him. So as you finish the Hold Person, he (groans) locks up into place, tense, his eyes darting around with an angry fury. Anything else you want to do? I will, with my bonus, can I talk to him? Yeah. I will say: hey man! Just give up already. Come on! Come on! That's my intimidation.",Intimidation
Intimidation,"Okay. Can I intimidate him to give me his weapon? He can't move. He can't move? Can I go up and try to take his weapon? If you want to. One, two, three, four, five. So you step up into the hallway. And you walk up to him and he's looking at you, sweat dripping down his face, hair matted across the side of his chin. Do it, Pike! Do it. What are you doing? Please give me your weapon. (laughter)",Intimidation
Acrobatics,"lax for a second and looks up at you and can't do anything, because that was his turn, but is no longer seemingly affected by the ability. And just looks up at you with eyes flicking around with thoughts and trying to formulate a plan here. Yeah, like what you see, don't you? Vax, what did you want to do? All right. So I'm hasted, because I did the boots, so I'm going to use Haste to climb through my friends, over Pike, under Grog's legs, and I'm going to-- I'm going to flip daggers over and I'm going to bean this guy in the face a couple of times. Should be a Sneak Attack the first time, because of Grog being there.",Acrobatics
Intimidation,"at this point. Can I do a Druidcraft, Matt? A Druidcraft where I druidcraft a vine around his ankles? Sure. Oh, okay, cool. Out of the Grasping Vine, a little vine goes around the legs. It's more of a grapevine. A really pretty to grow plant life on. A grapevine? Grapevines are pretty hard. A white or red grapevine? A red one. Okay, Scanlan, you're up. Me? Jesus. Hey! Hey, dude! Come on! Can you give up, please? Can you please give up? I'm just going to intimidate him again.",Intimidation
Athletics,"And I'm gonna jump back ten feet again. And pull him out of the room. Anyone? And Percy, you're holding? I'm holding. All righty, Grog. I'm gonna take manacles out of the Bag of Holding. Since he's holding-- his arms are pinned to his chest. And I'm gonna clasp it on both of his wrists. And then I'm gonna pick that motherfucker up on my shoulder and walk out of the room. I'd like to try. And I can help. You can, by just controlling it with your mind. So I will say, go ahead and make an",Athletics
Athletics,"Seven. All right. Can I toss Grog my-- some of the infinite rope and tell him to tie him up, tie up his ankles too. As you're holding? Sure. So Vex yells out to you and throws you the source of the infinite rope, you grab and begin to, if you want to, start tying up. All right. Loot tying? I mean, rage tying. Rage tying. (laughter) All right, great. Now it comes to Daxio's turn. He's currently trying to resist the current grappling and your attempt to tie him. That's gonna",Athletics
Investigation,"Much appreciated, Uriel sends his regards, V. All right, okay. You close the door behind you. Do we want to check those other rooms? No. Oh, what about the room he was in? No. What do you mean no? What if he had-- he had stuff to travel with. That's true, he had a lot of money with him. I'll do a quick rummage of it. Very quick.",Investigation
Religion,"night. And then you guys head back into the alleyway. Trinket eagerly (bear grunts). Hey darling. Licks your face. (slurping sounds) Could you do us a favor and carry him? Comes up to you and nudges you to-- I tell them: I'll catch up, guys. I have to say goodbye to my mates. Can we frisk him while we're waiting? I like it. Can I dig in his pockets? Digging in his pockets, you find a strange holy symbol that appears to be a skull that is missing the left side of its face.",Religion
Intimidation,"Are you sure there's no more useful information we can get from this man? So, Riskel, Grog can do it kind of quickish or take a very long time. I've seen him do it. And I start stretching. Digit by digit. You can be sent on your way to whatever asshole you think you're going to, but he can make it very uncomfortable. He could strip you of all your limbs and leave you hanging. Not dead. I once saw him kill a man with his taint. With his own taint.",Intimidation
Deception,"get any information out of him? Well, maybe we should have Pike cleanse his blood so he won't come back after he dies. That's a good idea! Pike, why don't you bless him? Why don't you make him holy? His eyes dart around for a moment with a look of sudden curiosity and worry. Oh, I think that would be fun! ""That's not possible."" Yes, it is. Sarenrae could always use new servants. Right, Pike? Yes, of course! I've seen her regrow a foot. It's amazing.",Deception
Investigation,"The entire party's intelligence goes to one. You get a 1d10 bonus against a roll versus him. It's to knock him down a peg. It's like the fate chips system. It's great. Okay. So who's heading the pub crawl? Am I heading the pub crawl? You don't know this town. Who knows this town the best? None of us know this town. I mean, it's technically our town. We should get to know our city, you guys. All right. I'm walking in a direction. All right. Go ahead and make an",Persuasion
Perception,"match the persona. But he looks over to you and, ""Well, sir, at this point in the evening, food ""might be a little hard to procure, unfortunately."" Oh, really? ""As far as I know."" Guys, there's got to be like some street vendors. Come on. I'm going to find the most interesting, boisterous clientele in the bar and I'm going to approach them. Yeah, we getting in a fight? No. Not yet.",Perception
Persuasion,"here to fight me, I'm afraid you're going to be terribly disappointed, because I will just let you kill me, if that's what it takes. I didn't know you existed, and my heart is breaking a hundred times now for not knowing it. Every year that you've been alive is a year I could have been a better person and known someone who could have made me a better person, and I'm only sorry that I didn't know it. If there's anything I can do for you from now on-- if you are truly my blood, I will, because among my many faults, ego is certainly one of them, and knowing you're part of me makes me love you even more. (laughter)",Persuasion
Insight,"area, Dranzel is there and he's a little hungover himself and enjoying the remnants of his meal. Poor Laina is not designed to produce breakfast for over 11 people in a morning. Old friend, a quick word. ""Yes. Good morning, Scanlan."" Good morning-- Well, morning to you as well. Did you know? ""About?"" Did you know? About the girl? ""What did she do?"" All right. ""What did she do?"" And you can see, he looks a little worried now. He's checking his pockets.",Insight
Insight,"himself and enjoying the remnants of his meal. Poor Laina is not designed to produce breakfast for over 11 people in a morning. Old friend, a quick word. ""Yes. Good morning, Scanlan."" Good morning-- Well, morning to you as well. Did you know? ""About?"" Did you know? About the girl? ""What did she do?"" All right. ""What did she do?"" And you can see, he looks a little worried now. He's checking his pockets. Does he seem-- Can I insight check him?",Insight
Insight,"she's-- What is 'our kind' supposed to mean? She's off-limits. I saw her first. Wait, wait, wait. Are you in love? Yes, you could say so. Holy shit. Did you hear that, Pike? No, I don't think she did. (laughter) Did I hear what? (laughter) Scanlan said he's in love. With someone else. He said he's in love.",Insight
Insight,"Yes, you could say so. Holy shit. Did you hear that, Pike? No, I don't think she did. (laughter) Did I hear what? (laughter) Scanlan said he's in love. With someone else. He said he's in love. Can I insight check him? Because it was awfully quiet in your room, Scanlan. It's normally so loud (laughs). Normally so loud.",Insight
Perception,"little dilapidated, but strangely enough, for a person who's purchased this estate, there wasn't much attempt to try and beautify it. The ivy has overgrown the bottom of it. There is still the iron gate around it. It is currently closed and there are no guards posted around it. It looks empty and vacant and dark in the windows. It's about noon. Have a look around? Yeah. Go around the back. Okay. You guys scoot around to the back side. Anything in particular you're looking for? Any signs of life? Anyone around? Watching?",Perception
Perception,"last here it was very simple, it was very minimalist, and you got the impression that the house for the most part was not being lived in outside of the servant. You recall there was a passageway across from the foyer that led to a gallery and that which had the-- The trap room, the little portal in it. Yep. The false wall in the back. Oh right. Behind the tapestry, right? Let's find the source of the smell. Trinket is actually really good at sniffing things out, so maybe he can lead us to the smell. Good boy. Trinket comes sniffing up. (sniffing sounds)",Perception
Investigation,"aquarium. It was kind of fun to watch, I'm not going to lie. Yeah, you were like a dick in a box. More of a globe, but yeah, no, that works. (laughter) Oh wow. Wow. (singing) Step one. Let's go. Gently checking for traps as we go up the stairs. Thank you Keyleth, I take it back about your breath. I will say for the purposes of this,",Investigation
Investigation,"going to lie. Yeah, you were like a dick in a box. More of a globe, but yeah, no, that works. (laughter) Oh wow. Wow. (singing) Step one. Let's go. Gently checking for traps as we go up the stairs. Thank you Keyleth, I take it back about your breath. I will say for the purposes of this, everyone roll an investigation check. Everyone who's going upstairs?",Investigation
Arcana,"you'd, you know, find at an airport. Like the Denver airport? You know, like Kinkade ""Burst of Light."" Wow, you paint a picture there. Yeah. They're all thematic and similar and none of them seem to have any other theme other than whoever ordered them seems to like animals. No historical acts, no mythology, nothing like that? No, not in this current setup. Can I Detect Magic on any of them? Okay, you scoot through and using-- do you have Detect Magic memorized? No. I wanted to arcane it.",Arcana
Religion,"Yeah, still really hungover. 14. 14. Going from place to place, nothing seems to jump out at you as enchanted or any sort of arcane nature. The only room you haven't inspected yet is the hallway across from the foyer, the one that led into the original gallery room and then into the hidden-- The funhouse. Let's all go. Should we check the fucking carpet? I say yeah. Yeah, teleportation circle. Remember there were a shitton of traps before we got to it. What's up, Pike?",Religion
Religion,"arcane nature. The only room you haven't inspected yet is the hallway across from the foyer, the one that led into the original gallery room and then into the hidden-- The funhouse. Let's all go. Should we check the fucking carpet? I say yeah. Yeah, teleportation circle. Remember there were a shitton of traps before we got to it. What's up, Pike? Can I do a religion check to see if there's any Vecna stuff here? Yeah, smart move.",Religion
History,"Is that the same one that was here last time? Yeah. Yeah, same one. There are a number of small cylindrical platforms that rise up in the center of this room. You see on the first sets a series of bronze busts of a particular man wearing a cloth wrap, a headpiece. His features are still nondescript. There's a lot of detail in the clothing, in the neck wrap and the head wrap. But when it comes to the actual features of the face it's very simple and plain. Not enough to recognize anything. Kind of like a god of secrets? No. I'm actually going to ask you guys to",History
Perception,"Ord. Which you've never seen in Tal'Dorei. Or anything of this type of construct. But we know that that's where Riskel wanted to go as well. I want to pull out the symbol of Vecna that I took off of Riskel and-- Okay. I feel like we might've-- I feel like that's not also the first time we've heard of Ank'Harel. Well Jarett's from there. I feel like even before then, like a long time ago. Can I check for traps while they're talking?",Investigation
Perception,"A recognizable cold chill, or a brand-new cold chill? No, just like every person has that little part in the back of their head that says, ""This ""probably isn't a good idea, but whatever."" (laughter) I hate you so much! So, you're holding it in your hand, what do you want to do? You're like a magnet for evil. I'm a little evil magnet, I know. I'm checking, is the emerald set into the socket or is it removable? It's set in the socket, actually, and the",Perception
Nature,"inlay that actually almost looks like a very deepset filigree that binds it within the socket itself, like it's very deliberately placed. The craftsmanship of the very, very fine gold filigree, and yet the uncut nature of the emerald, seems strange and as you inspect the emerald itself, it seems almost like while the gem itself is stationary, there is the ever-so-faint image of movement within the gem. Almost like a freshly disturbed pond, like a slight ripple of the surface of water, there is just ever-so-slowly shifting within the gem. I think I've found something evil. Maybe you should not be touching it.",Investigation
Arcana,"look into a hallway. I'm going to place it back on the column, facing the wall. Okay. Pike, do you want to look at it further? Yeah, can I give it a look? I want to look at the tea set too. I know, I want to go look at the tea set. Let's look at the evil skull first. Can I do a check? Okay, so what are you trying to check about the skull? I don't know, like if it's-- I don't know. I don't know what to check. If it's evil?",Arcana
Perception,"this, it did fly away. It's not a flying tapestry. Yeah. I just thought I'd try. Maybe just put it over top of that skull and keep it hidden for now. Okay, I take the tapestry and I put it over the skull. Okay. As you throw the tapestry on top of the skull-- Oh boy. Nothing happens. Such an asshole! It's just fun to mess with you guys. All right, so you guys progress down the stairway?",Perception
Perception,"this, it did fly away. It's not a flying tapestry. Yeah. I just thought I'd try. Maybe just put it over top of that skull and keep it hidden for now. Okay, I take the tapestry and I put it over the skull. Okay. As you throw the tapestry on top of the skull-- Oh boy. Nothing happens. Such an asshole! It's just fun to mess with you guys. All right, so you guys progress down the stairway?",Perception
Perception,"tapestry. Yeah. I just thought I'd try. Maybe just put it over top of that skull and keep it hidden for now. Okay, I take the tapestry and I put it over the skull. Okay. As you throw the tapestry on top of the skull-- Oh boy. Nothing happens. Such an asshole! It's just fun to mess with you guys. All right, so you guys progress down the stairway? Perception check, perception check,",Perception
Survival,"through. Leading the way, stepping from stone to stone to stone, you guys following his pattern, you manage to make your way, all of you, including Trinket who has to (bear grunts). He remembers. Guide you through. You make your way all the way across the room to the teleportation circle, and this is the end of this portion of the hallway. What do you wish to do? Do we step onto it? How does it work? I don't remember. I think we just run ahead. Wait, does it look like there's been anybody in here since we left?",Survival
Perception,"I think we just run ahead. Wait, does it look like there's been anybody in here since we left? Go ahead and make a survival check. Survival? Jeepers. What in the (popping sound)?! That's my third one of the night. Can I do that one too? I can survival stuff pretty well. Can I assist Grog in finding if our footsteps were the last ones out? True, I was giving this more as a means of giving the trained tracker a better look into",Survival
Perception,"range somewhere in the world where there was just ice and snow-capped mountains as far as you could see into this valley of high crags. Well if I recall, it wasn't too far from Stillben right? Because Keyleth recognized it as her home mountains? Like two hours? You recognize it as the Cliffkeep, which is the large mountain range to the north of Tal'Dorei which contains Kraghammer, the very south base contains Gatshadow, and it's where the Umbra Hills leads up into-- You don't know where in that range, it's a huge mountain range, but it's in that range. Is there any sign of the pile of gold that Grog started rage-looting?",Perception
Perception,"ice and snow-capped mountains as far as you could see into this valley of high crags. Well if I recall, it wasn't too far from Stillben right? Because Keyleth recognized it as her home mountains? Like two hours? You recognize it as the Cliffkeep, which is the large mountain range to the north of Tal'Dorei which contains Kraghammer, the very south base contains Gatshadow, and it's where the Umbra Hills leads up into-- You don't know where in that range, it's a huge mountain range, but it's in that range. Is there any sign of the pile of gold that Grog started rage-looting? Make a perception check. (sings) Make a",Perception
Nature,"All right. The combined vision of you three, glancing about, you see there are scattered bits of gold and silver occasionally visible around the floor, but they're all independent and probably thrown about during the scuffle or the collapse. You guys notice there are bits of dragon bone trapped beneath the rocks. Exposed elements of these bones appear to be scraped and already sundered by somebody harvesting the remains, the long-decayed remains, of Brimscythe. You also notice there are two tunnels to the north and south side of this chamber across from where you guys entered. They're smooth, about ten feet in diameter, and both carve into the heart of the rock.",Investigation
Perception,"Can I do a nature check? Umber hulks? Yeah, don't those fuckers do that type of shit? 20 total. 20? Okay. The way these tunnels are created, and you've seen umber hulks and things of that nature carved through, there is a rough aspect to that digging and burrowing process where the earth itself has an uneven, you know, a general purposed direction, but is in itself a very haphazard just grab and tear what's in your way type form of burrowing. These are round and smooth. No scratch marks, claw marks? Almost seems mechanical type of-- magical?",Investigation
Nature,"attempted to find its way through the rubble. You also notice there is, to the immediate left and northwestern side of this cavern, a small alcove that just disappears into the wall out of sight. That wasn't there before? Or was that one there before? No, that was there before, yeah. Does it seem like this could have been made by a dragon? These scratch marks? You and dragons-- Favored enemy. Yeah, as your favored enemy, make a-- I'm scared of all of my d20s right now. Roll good.",Nature
Nature,"also notice there is, to the immediate left and northwestern side of this cavern, a small alcove that just disappears into the wall out of sight. That wasn't there before? Or was that one there before? No, that was there before, yeah. Does it seem like this could have been made by a dragon? These scratch marks? You and dragons-- Favored enemy. Yeah, as your favored enemy, make a-- I'm scared of all of my d20s right now. Roll good. Make a nature check.",Nature
Investigation,"Okay, you spark up a torch. You inspect the inside of this alcove and immediately you see the reflection of the light across the surface of something. Something humanoid standing there in wait. Whoa! And I back up and draw. You draw your weapon and aim it. What you can see, as you take a moment, is an older man, wrinkled in face, eyes open, mouth agape in fear, his arms out before him, back to the wall on the inside. Frozen solid. I found something! I'm inspecting him as best I can, frozen solid. Did you do that? No! No, I found this.",Investigation
Perception,"thaw the corpse. What's everyone else doing? We're trying to get the gold out from the wall. We're not yet. I'm trying to get the gold out from the wall. If you're going, I'm going with you to protect you because god knows Trinket won't. I'm keeping an eye on the south. I can Move Earth and we can move around earth. Out of curiosity, I'm going to carefully make my way towards the mouth of the cave and see if there's anything problematic out there.",Stealth
Perception,"pulling gold out and scooping it into the Bag of Holding. As you guys are walking away, you feel this lurch in the floor. I stop. Wait, that's not us. Can we feel it? Can everyone feel it? All you guys begin to feel this vibration in the ground. Okay, maybe we should stop. Faster, faster! Just pause for a second! It gets louder and more violent. You see the coins on the ground beginning to rattle and move.",Nature
Nature,"I stop. Wait, that's not us. Can we feel it? Can everyone feel it? All you guys begin to feel this vibration in the ground. Okay, maybe we should stop. Faster, faster! Just pause for a second! It gets louder and more violent. You see the coins on the ground beginning to rattle and move. Perception roll to tell if it's an earthquake? I think because we touched this gold--",Nature
Nature,"Wait, that's not us. Can we feel it? Can everyone feel it? All you guys begin to feel this vibration in the ground. Okay, maybe we should stop. Faster, faster! Just pause for a second! It gets louder and more violent. You see the coins on the ground beginning to rattle and move. Perception roll to tell if it's an earthquake? I think because we touched this gold-- Nature check?",Nature
Stealth,"Well, I hope you're hungry. But you have to wait one second, we're a bit far away. Can I travel as far as I can towards? Speed of 50, I believe? 50. Oh, I said I hid at the end of the episode. I said I hid. Right, roll stealth. Do I have a line of sight with him, or is the edge of that outcropping blocking it? He would have half cover if you were to try and like, throw your weapon at him. It'd be a plus five to his armor class. Pike and I are hiding, too.",Stealth
Nature,"shakes itself for a second. It has no eyes, so it's not looking in any different direction, it just seems to be flailing in its current location. Can I go into a rage? Yes you may. I would like to rage. All right. (laughs) Are you rolling your special dice? As you bite your lower lip, you feel and taste the blood begin to enter your mouth, and at that point the heat in the back of your shoulders and neck begins to swell up. Grog's into a rage. That ends your turn. Keyleth, you're up.",Nature
Nature,"I'll assist. Grog, Grog! Open the bag! (singing) Bigby's Hand will grab the gold. (laughter) Yes! Oh my gosh, get so much gold! Giant scoops into the Bag of Holding. It's just pouring off the sides of it onto the ground and you're having to scoop it back up inside. I take out like my little filet knife and I start going to town on the frost worm in front of me, trying to salvage anything that I can from him. Okay! I call Trinket and I tell him to get over by the teleportation circle.",Nature
Nature,"(laughter) Yes! Oh my gosh, get so much gold! Giant scoops into the Bag of Holding. It's just pouring off the sides of it onto the ground and you're having to scoop it back up inside. I take out like my little filet knife and I start going to town on the frost worm in front of me, trying to salvage anything that I can from him. Okay! I call Trinket and I tell him to get over by the teleportation circle. Make a nature check real fast. My book! I got my book!",Nature
Deception,"Whose evil? It didn't say. The house has to be taken down to the ground. The portal must be destroyed. Says who? Who's in there? (loud and angry) I just heard this fucking-- (calmer, hesitating) I. Have... premonitions at times, it runs in my family. Since when, Grog? You know, when I'm drinking ale, this ""Stop!"" But I'm like: ""No."" And I keep going. And sure enough, I should've stopped. But you haven't been drinking today. That voice is usually me. Are you saying anything?",Persuasion
Deception,"But we will, once you tell him that we're here. ""All right. Hold on."" He steps inside. The doors close. About two minutes pass. The guard comes back out. ""I'm terribly sorry. Uriel currently is in a very heated discussion and ""cannot take guests at the moment. Would you like me to relay a message?"" Yes. Yes, but we would like to write it down first. Actually, while you were gone-- And I cast Friends on him. While you were gone, other guards came by and said we were clear to go in.",Deception
Persuasion,"there are two guards there, with tower shields and what looks like halberds to each of them. One of them steps forward, putting his shield out. Not in an aggressive way, but definitely in an attention-gathering way. ""Do you have business here ""in the stockade?"" I do  I wish to speak to the warden. ""The warden is indisposed in conversation at the moment."" Well, he will agree to be indisposed in conversation with me. I'm Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. And I'm here on the business of Whitestone. He's an ambassador.",Persuasion
Deception,"three weeks to perform for my sister. ""Describe your performer, sir."" Oh, small, plain, female. (dismissive sigh) (sighs heavily) ""I know of the one you speak. The same one we're arguing-- I assume this other ""individual that just left is one of your performers as well."" Yes, he is. He is one of the official performers-- they're supposed to be performing at the new coronation of a brand new temple in Whitestone. Much has been arranged, much has been paid for, and I don't want to explain any of this to the royal court.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"such an opportunity to create a ballad? Some sort of ballad about a cautionary tale. I could have picked anyone to be with me here. Not this. You're rubbing my face in it because I threw your gun in the lava. You chose so poorly. You chose so poorly. It is truly impressive how poorly you chose. ""Stop wasting my time, if you're going to retrieve this invalid, do so quickly."" You may come pick up your gold from Castle Greyskull in the morning. It will be waiting for you, of course, sir. In the meantime, here is 20 gold for your trouble. On top of the gold you will be expecting for all fines imposed.",Persuasion
Acrobatics,"I blame you for this. You should blame me for this. I'm sorry. I just had a really shitty day, all right? He doesn't deserve this. Let him go. Just take me. ""Very well. Now."" And you feel the release as the manacles come away. You are escorted out of the room. You are put in shackles, brought, and thrown into the same jail cell as Kaylie. All right. How much to get both of them out? As you're being pushed out? Yeah. I'll bring it. There's no answer at the moment. The doors close behind you, and you're thrust off of four",Investigation
Insight,"help us based on the reaction. If you would be so kind?"" Yes, of course. I'll tell the rest of the group. We were planning on heading out to Whitestone today, but we can put that off if it's very important? ""It's rather important."" All right. What were you guys fighting about before? Can you tell me? ""It's nothing you need to worry about."" Really? It looked kind of serious. ""I think tonight's discussion will absolve any questions you have."" Is anybody in trouble? ""No. You're fine. You've done nothing.""",Persuasion
Stealth,"find anything, but I went just to think, and I didn't see anything by chance, no? Nope. You detect no movement inside whatsoever. Dark windows over the course of the evening, no sign. All right, well, I guess I'll go back to the keep. Okay. And I will sit up. No one's there? I'll sit up in my sister's room. All right. Well, as you guys are walking back-- Stealth, please. I'm not walking in the open.",Stealth
Perception,"whatsoever. Dark windows over the course of the evening, no sign. All right, well, I guess I'll go back to the keep. Okay. And I will sit up. No one's there? I'll sit up in my sister's room. All right. Well, as you guys are walking back-- Stealth, please. I'm not walking in the open. All right, make a stealth check. 27. 27? All right. All of you that are out",Perception
Perception,"Remember, Liam doesn't really hate Travis in real life! (laughter) Wait, wait. As soon as I notice that, I touch Grog and Vax's shoulders and I point up really fast. You look up and-- you guys all gather this as well. You can see, piercing out of some of the cloud cover above, what looks to be two fast-moving streaks of color, black and red. They just-- (whoosh). And then you can't see them any more. Could I tell from my favored enemy-ness that it was dragons?",Investigation
Perception,"say I'm holding my attack, since I didn't do anything? Fine if not, I just thought-- With the haste you could've gotten there. I'd say sure. So we'll let you have it. All right, holding your attack for what? If it bears down on us. Okay. Scanlan. Me? I'm going to-- (gasps) What about Gilmore!? Where is he? He was right next to us. I know. Just keep-- it's not about Gilmore right now-- it's Scanlan's turn. Where is he?",Athletics
Perception,"that'll be-- all of you. She's not going to do it to herself. Or, she can't do it to Grog, so she can get-- Grog, did you get hit? She can get everyone but Trinket, but Trinket seems fine, so-- that is seven, eight, 12, 15 plus five-- 20 points healed to all of you guys. Great, that'll help. Except for Grog. That's going to be her turn, and she just moves into the circle there with the rest of her movement. That brings us to Percy. I'm going to look for Gilmore.",Athletics
Stealth,"You are, yeah. What are the voices speaking? Are you following him to the foyer? Currently only Vax is. Go to Percival's workshop, go, I will handle it. I figured we'd all be moving outside, at least. All right, as you guys move into the foyer to follow, you see Vax having this conversation with Laina. She and Erwin go head back down, to head down to the workshop. What are you doing? I'm going to go stealth toward the door to see what the hell is going on out there.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"damage. Let me roll some saves here. Average saves-- Okay, so these four here survive, the rest of these are all entirely wiped out. And you can see now, the people that were rushing in are now rushing away from the keep. The rest are getting the fuck out of Dodge. So yeah, that's going to be the end of the white dragon's turn. That brings us to Vex. You're up in the fog cloud right now, so you have no visual range on the creature. You hear all these screams and hear the blast. I can't see it? No, unfortunately, the fog cloud is just high enough where it covers this area for you guys. However, you could jump off if you wanted",Acrobatics
Medicine,"damage total from them, as they fire the heavy crossbow, try and reload it and get off a second shot. That ends their turn, now. That brings us to Grog's turn. I would like to rage. Okay. And run at Trinket. Okay. He's covered in how much ice? About an inch, inch and a half of ice, and the rest of the entities, all the rest of the people that died, they all got frozen in place and some of them shattered in the impact and there's chunks of them frozen on the ground.",Medicine
Stealth,"We are getting our fucking asses handed to us. Is it ancient? He keeps saying ancient. So it's ancient. That brings us to Vex's turn. My turn? I'm feared. Yeah, so you can attack it but you can't move closer to it and have disadvantage on all your attacks. What can we do to unfear? You repeat the saving throw at the end of each of your turns. Or it lasts for a minute. Okay, then I'm going to use my bonus round to hide. Stealth.",Stealth
Stealth,"That brings us to Vex's turn. My turn? I'm feared. Yeah, so you can attack it but you can't move closer to it and have disadvantage on all your attacks. What can we do to unfear? You repeat the saving throw at the end of each of your turns. Or it lasts for a minute. Okay, then I'm going to use my bonus round to hide. Stealth. Okay, so go ahead and roll a stealth check. 23. We're stuck where we are because we can't run closer to it. You can run away from it.",Stealth
Medicine,"Yes. Is this because of us? Can we heal the frozen people? Is it possible? You guys make you way out towards the people currently frozen in the courtyard-- What? Did you want to use Cure Wounds? Yeah, sure. Okay. You use what level? Two. Two, all right. How many people are frozen? Currently, I'd say about 14 people are frozen in the courtyard.",Medicine
Investigation,"back over it and put it over and set it up as if I haven't talked to it. Okay, all right, so. And once again reminding you, the skull itself, it's humanoid but it's elongated, it's not a human skull. Its jaw itself is-- you would say almost elvish, but the features are too sunken, the teeth are too long, and the skull itself is a little more oblong to the back. Yeah, you're unfamiliar what species or race this may have been when it was alive. As I was leaving, can I notice anything about the back of his door? Like is-- a lock or is it flat, plain? I'm gonna go ahead and have you make an",Investigation
Perception,"Wait here. I have to come with you. Just wait a second. I walk over to my sister. I'm going downstairs. If I'm not back here in five minutes, I want you to come down, do you understand? And I say that because I need you, you are stronger than me and I will need you. Tend to the wounded, five minutes. I follow Grog. All right. I go back downstairs. I Hunter's Mark Grog as he walks away. What? Why? I don't know. I just do. Okay. I'm going ahead and say make a sleight",Investigation
Stealth,"strange pulse of tingling energy. Almost like a soft-- Aw, you know what? What? I haven't chosen my fucking rogue ability yet, my rogue proficiency. Rogue proficiency bump. Too late now. You feel this magical essence creep up on you. You are not familiar with it, but you feel like something just attached to you. From any direction? Or just attached? You aren't entirely sure. I look about. Is there anything looking at me? Anybody throw anything at me? Pour anything on me?",Stealth
Stealth,"What? I haven't chosen my fucking rogue ability yet, my rogue proficiency. Rogue proficiency bump. Too late now. You feel this magical essence creep up on you. You are not familiar with it, but you feel like something just attached to you. From any direction? Or just attached? You aren't entirely sure. I look about. Is there anything looking at me? Anybody throw anything at me? Pour anything on me? Make a stealth check, Vex. I'm choosing my dice. Okay, okay, okay. I",Stealth
Insight,"Wait, did you close the door? I did. You guys aren't there yet. This hasn't happened yet, you guys are still walking down the stairs. He can't lock it. No, but I can stand in front of it. I want the skull, right now. Let me see your sword. No, you don't want to see the sword. Oh shit. I point at the table and I say: reach into the shadow and see if you can take the skull. No, I don't think so, your water fucked me up last time. You get it out of the table.",Investigation
Insight,"the skull, right now. Let me see your sword. No, you don't want to see the sword. Oh shit. I point at the table and I say: reach into the shadow and see if you can take the skull. No, I don't think so, your water fucked me up last time. You get it out of the table. Can I insight check them to see who is fucking with who-- Good luck. -- and who has better intentions right now? Sure.",Insight
Insight,"guys still can't get through because Grog's holding the door, and you don't have a visual in there because he's holding it pretty close to completely shut. As you look down, you can see now in the gem, formulating in the middle of it, this swirl of a face that comes right up to the front. You can see in the midst of its coloration these energy-based eyes and grin, a toothy grin that goes, ""I wish to be freed. That is all. I've ""been here far too long. I grow tired. I want to finally pass."" Are you Vecna? You hear a chuckle. ""No. Vecna has been long gone. I am not a being of such power.""",Insight
Insight,"there because he's holding it pretty close to completely shut. As you look down, you can see now in the gem, formulating in the middle of it, this swirl of a face that comes right up to the front. You can see in the midst of its coloration these energy-based eyes and grin, a toothy grin that goes, ""I wish to be freed. That is all. I've ""been here far too long. I grow tired. I want to finally pass."" Are you Vecna? You hear a chuckle. ""No. Vecna has been long gone. I am not a being of such power."" Can I insight check the fucking thing in the eyeball?",Insight
Athletics,"do? I want Percy. I'm going to tackle Percy. You what? I am going to run straight towards Percy and tackle him. Tackle him, okay, all right. So, let's get some proper rumble music for this. There are dragons outside and we're fighting, playing rugby with a fucking skull. I'm trying to fix the dragons. Okay, so you use the momentum of the rush and you see him do this, you turn out of the way and go for a shoulder shove. I want you to go ahead and make an attack roll. Actually, make an",Athletics
Insight,"clattering to the stone floor of the establishment. All of you who have hair have it blown and wrapped around you. You are pushed back about three inches from the burst of it, and all of you, immediately, your attention goes to Keyleth who stands there with her staff. Is it dusty in there now? Or is it just windy? It's not dusty, it's covered in layers of soot that have now been kicked up, and the air itself is a temporary fume. Do we have an order? Silence! She does that. Pike, what are you doing?",Investigation
Acrobatics,"I don't believe it. I don't fucking believe it. Your eyes catch Pike, and during that brief moment of slow-motion as you reach up, you see her face, this look of complete, heartbreaking disappointment. Just like that. It shakes you in a way that you didn't expect, and as you go through the motion you already anticipated, and your brain's already wandered in doing so. You slam it half-heartedly and it bounces and skids across the ground, over by where Keyleth is. Is it rolling at my feet? I run and jump for it. All right, so. It's not your turn, it's the end of your turn. As it goes rolling, you run and",Acrobatics
Persuasion,"them are still consoling each other and talking and as soon as you walk in they're like-- a couple of them step up immediately like, ""What's going ""on, is everything all right?"" ""I'm sorry. Mom, I'm sorry"" They start crying and, ""Shh! It's okay, ""it's okay. Is everything all right? Are we safe here? Is this okay?"" You will be all right. Everyone calm down. We've had a rough day and it's been hard on everyone but you should be safe here for the evening. Hopefully. Everyone-- Do better. Look, I'm not-- I'm trying on this whole leadership thing, okay?",Persuasion
Stealth,"forward for a good 25, 30 minutes or so, the tunnel comes to a small stop and there's a very simple rope ladder that leads upward. I put my hood up. Who's going up first? Is there anything past that? The ladder goes up and goes into a small wooden slat. It's not even a door. It's almost like a wood pallet. Get up there. See what you see. You sneaky dick. Okay, at the bottom of the ladder, because she's right behind me. You know, you never cease to impress me.",Stealth
Stealth,"Take the beltway? Stealthy. Stealthy. All right. Everyone roll stealth, please. You add ten because-- We add ten? Ashley, stealth for you as well with disadvantage, but you add ten. Still there, Ashley? Oh, no! Ashley? I'm hanging up on you. I still love you, but I'm going to hang up. All right, so, call back, and you guys,",Stealth
Stealth,"tunnel right now. No, let's just stealth it. Yeah, save that. We can save that for an emergency. I'll save it. Okay. It will take you, at the rate at which it moves earth, it will take you probably a good hour to two hours to-- To get to the tunnels? To get to any sort of system that he may be referring to. All right, let's just walk. We'll walk faster. All right, so, Garthok, I'm going to have",Stealth
Persuasion,"you, buildings up that way. Not worth your time right here. (laughs) ""Honey, we've already picked plenty clean from this pile. This is our third time back."" It'll be your last time back if you're not careful. Is it worth your death? Bringing this to him, is it worth your death? Because you will die here. ""You know what, I think I stand a better chance against the lot of you than with that thing."" You just thought wrong. Step on and go find loot somewhere else. At least then you can present it to him and not die here. Don't be stupid.",Persuasion
Insight,"They may win. Nah. Fuck that. We're way more pissed off-- They work for a dragon. Do they? They're just looters. This is going to feel really good. Yeah. But they're innocent. Yeah, we're not going to kill them. We'll just beat their faces in. Garthok, did you lead us here? Did you know about this? No. I believe him.",Insight
Insight,"They may win. Nah. Fuck that. We're way more pissed off-- They work for a dragon. Do they? They're just looters. This is going to feel really good. Yeah. But they're innocent. Yeah, we're not going to kill them. We'll just beat their faces in. Garthok, did you lead us here? Did you know about this? No. I believe him.",Insight
Intimidation,"I've never been more happy in my life. Oh man, I'm coming back as a barbarian if I die. All right, Scanlan, you're up. Oh, there's more people? There's one guy over here by Keyleth who currently hasn't even noticed what's going on because he got hit with lightning twice and is being attacked by a giant tiger. All right. I guess I'll try to intimidate him to stop, and I'll say, I'll turn to him and say, you there! Idiot! (stutters) You're not going to win! You should not fight anymore! Because you're going to die. And that's it, that's all I got.",Intimidation
Perception,"no sign of Gilmore or anybody else here, and as the rain's starting to come down a little heavier, you all get that sense of horror washing over you. Vex, you notice, looking underneath where the shattered remains of the foot of his bed are, there is a smooth piece of stone with a handle. And a barrel of lube. I rush over to it. Okay. Can I detect traps now? I mean, you could technically detect traps whenever you wanted to try. Oh. You have to have sight for it. If you want",Investigation
Medicine,"Come over here! Pike, what are you doing? Okay, I'm going to Cure Wounds. It's going to be all right. Pike is here, it's going to be all right, it's going to be all right. Gil? Is there any consciousness? I mean, I can try and assist you, Pike, with Cure Wounds. That's all I have right now. Okay. Yeah, is he conscious? No, unconscious. Unconscious, and looking-- Fading fast? Can you, like, Greater Restoration? I mean, what's the best cure you can do, Pike? Okay okay okay.",Medicine
Medicine,"with Cure Wounds. That's all I have right now. Okay. Yeah, is he conscious? No, unconscious. Unconscious, and looking-- Fading fast? Can you, like, Greater Restoration? I mean, what's the best cure you can do, Pike? Okay okay okay. You guys can both make medicine checks to try and put him in a position where he would be more susceptible to healing. 22? I can use a sixth level, and Heal. Use the spell Heal? Yeah.",Medicine
Stealth,"well is. Is that closer to one of the entrances to the Clasp? The one you're going towards? In the direction. It's a little bit past where you're going so you'd have to double back to the entrance, but it is totally a way to do it. Look, see? Then we're all going to the same place. See? Look at this. I'm going to stay separate from the group so I can stealth a little bit better. Twins out in front. I'm stealthing. Pass Without a Trace on all of us, then.",Stealth
Investigation,"and come back-- You can come with us. You can come with us. I mean, it's up to you. I know you need to talk to the Clasp, so if you need to talk to them and let them know we're on our way-- Enough treasure to go around. I could definitely let them know. It's up to you. I'm relieved that it's there and not destroyed, so. Okay. So, you guys, now knowing where the entrance is, you make your way back out. You close the cellar and make your way towards where this dwarf's general description of the well is. I want",Persuasion
Perception,"wandering the area unable to find really which destination this is, partially because a lot of the sections here are partially destroyed or at least are unfamiliar to you. You've not spent a lot of time in this northern area of Emon. Scanlan, you dart off for a second, seeing a similar crossroads between alleys, and you find a well that very much appears to be, and you know it's yours because there's a number of copper and gold coins that are scattered around the base of the well. This is it. Traps? I look around. Can I perceive anything or any people around, anything?",Investigation
Survival,"(laughs) There are none around you, and you gather from the sheer immensity that is the Cinder King that if he were to come down here and retrieve this gold himself, most of the adjacent buildings and the well would be ruined. So people put a bunch of gold there then someone else came and took it? Well, allegedly a bunch of gold. Maybe that's all they found. It's your fucking people from the Clasp, isn't it? No! Can I use tracking to see if it looks like anybody's been here?",Survival
Perception,"Okay, and what do you two do? I'm going back to my trap door. Okay. So Garthok, you step away from the group and head back to the Clasp. Thank you for-- It's been a great day killing with you. I hope our paths cross again, perhaps in the catacombs. I will let the Clasp know that you're coming. Tell them whenever they see Scanlan Shorthalt to open the door. They stealthed, so I don't know where they went, do I?",Insight
Survival,"hope our paths cross again, perhaps in the catacombs. I will let the Clasp know that you're coming. Tell them whenever they see Scanlan Shorthalt to open the door. They stealthed, so I don't know where they went, do I? Roll a perception check. I got a natural 20 on my stealth. Got a nine on perception. You have no clue. Can I look at the tracks? I can't read tracks.",Survival
Stealth,"Can I look at the tracks? I can't read tracks. Go ahead and make a wisdom survival check, just for the hell of it. Three. Three? Okay. You begin following a set of tracks that you think is pretty close to theirs. Pike, you're with everyone else bringing the rest of them back to the keep. You're with the other half of the group. You're with me, Pike. We're babysitting. You guys are babysitting the family and Gilmore, getting him back to the keep.",Survival
Insight,"""fairly underground."" Nobody's sticking out to you, though, no shady individuals, nobody sweating more than is necessary when being threatened by a big fuck-off dragon? ""Not yet, but I believe Jarett's keeping a close eye."" Jarett-- That guy. Man-crush? No. (laughter) I wonder, in all prudence, should we go around to the 'fugees, the refugees and do a quick--",Investigation
Insight,"Lauryn Hill is shaking her head. Do we have anything that can sense people's alignment? Pike might. Yeah, I can. Can you do a mass, a mass sense alignment? Mass sense alignment? Is that a thing? No, I'm saying I could do some insight checks on people. Oh, I'm talking about your magic. No, I'm not Pike. All right. Pike's with us, though, right? She could",Insight
Insight,"Maybe we should just kill one of them to make an example. This is terrible, what is happening? This isn't the real game, the game hasn't actually started yet. So. Glancing about the populace of scattered refugees throughout the general vicinity of Greyskull Keep, I will pick two of you who wish to be the main surveyors of the crew. Is this insight? This would be insight, yes. I'm on it. I'm on it with Vex. Okay, so Vex and Keyleth, both you guys roll",Insight
History,"it's rubble, I mean it's gone. The city is gone. There's, like, a huge chasm, a huge empty spot in the middle of the forest where Syngorn once lied. Lie. Lay. Did it look like it was destroyed to nothing? Or transported somewhere? Like that. Like transported, like the city was lifted out of its place and was teleported elsewhere. Could it have been-- I don't know how your scrying works-- could it have been some sort of a magical block? Not real, an illusion of some sort? I would like Vax and Vex to both roll a",History
Persuasion,"We have a plan. We probably can only take a few. It should be women and children. We're going to take those of you who need the most attention first, and we're going to bring you to Whitestone, which is a city that has not been affected by dragons at all. It has much need of people who can do an honest day's labor, and you can earn a wage and find a living there, for the time being, and if at some point in time you want to come back to Emon when all of this is done, of course you're more than welcome to. There is opportunity. And no dragons!",Persuasion
Insight,"We'll count to six, and then we'll put the rope down, and when we hit six, we pull the rope, and it'll hold everybody-- Wait, there's a rope? As soon as we see it start to shrink, I'll hold the people back. Yes, hold the people back. So Percy, you're first, everybody follow through. So any families here? Families? Some of the kids raise their hands, some adults go over and they grab kids' hands and stand next to them. ""Yes."" Are you really respons-- I can tell when you're lying, sir. Are you responsible for that child?",Insight
Intimidation,"reach your hand out and touch the outside of the tree's bark, with a rough tearing sound, the tree bark widens into an oval-shaped doorway that is immediately visible. On the opposite side, you can see before you a lightly snow-dappled landscape that is the central market of Whitestone. We put blankets on everybody, right? From what you had. Go! Go! Now, run, go! Go, Percy, go! Who's pushing? I'm already through. Percy's through. All right, are you guys just letting them go at their own rate? (shouting) Move your fucking asses!",Intimidation
Stealth,"Once a day? After another long rest you'd be able to use it again. All right. Good to know. All right. Into the city. In your pants. Like you do. Half-elven storage space. You guys find your way back into Emon, utilizing your secret tunnel entrance, coming up through the false outhouse once again. You leave the chain behind, locking it up, and make your way into the city. Cast Pass Without a Trace on us. All right. You guys, I'd like you all to",Stealth
Acrobatics,"the die. Aw, sorry buddy. It happens to the best of us. All righty. So. Currently with this guy up on top of the rooftop, Percy, you are first. Quick question, is he in flight, or is he just sitting on the rooftop? Just sitting on the roof, perched on the edge. You can't even actually see him, everyone else who's near the front can see, the few that made the check. You've got a little bit of movement up there, but you're just out of view with the building-- you're right in an alleyway. There's no easy way up onto the roof, is there?",Persuasion
Perception,"Percy shot at them. Okay. There's one fellow over here that is a bit far away who steps off. Instead of holding the same clubs and shields or other various hack weapons, he's carrying a gnarled staff. Oh, shit. Steps forward and sees the weapon that you fired twice and had been fixing, this large metallic dangerous entity, looks forward and begins hissing under his breath (hissing gibberish). Do I see this? You do. I'm going to release my-- Though you are being slammed on the ground.",Perception
Acrobatics,"I'll do it at a level four. (laughing) Okay. And I will sing to myself  sadly, pathetically, (breathy) I get knocked down, but I get up again. Ain't never going to keep me down. (laughter) All right! So that is 4d4 plus five healing to yourself. Okay, 4d4 plus five-- That's 14 plus five.19. 19. So you heal yourself 19 hit points. That ends your turn. Up next, Vax. I'm going to scramble up to the top of the building that I'm right next to.",Acrobatics
Perception,"I have a Flame Tongue Dagger. Okay, so you pull the Flame Tongue Dagger. It puts out a very, very low candlelight, opens up the vicinity to you as your feet splash down into very, very shallow, a couple inches, shallow water. Looking around you, you are in a subterranean sewer system. The smell hits you as you hit the bottom of it. This is the entire underbelly of Emon, and there is the slight sound of trickling water that's rushing through this tunnel you're currently standing in. The ladder drops close to about a foot above the floor before it comes to a complete stop. Looking to your right, it descends a little further down on that",Perception
Perception,"Let's go towards-- Towards the light. I'll do whatever they say. Are we going towards the light or towards the rushing water? Light. All who vote ""light,"" say ""aye."" Aye. All who vote ""water,"" say ""aye."" Aye. To the light. So you guys head-- left, or-- Is there any-- I'm sorry, one last question. Is there any Thieves' Cant on the walls at all?",Perception
Insight,"to flee this city. ""Safer."" But before we make that decision-- yes, it is-- we know that you're the next best thing to a government in Emon. ""Hmm."" And we want to know what's left behind. ""Well, we're seeing to our own. We're going to see how many of our allies still lie within the ""city. Going to reach out to our friends across Tal'Dorei and see how much of a network we still ""stand to keep. Then we call in a few debts, reach out to some friends and, ah, we see if we can find ""some way to supplant this red thing.""",Insight
Perception,"devastating attack, there's no other system-- If the Clasp were to vanish, something else would take its place. They're inevitable. But I don't want to introduce them to Vasselheim, no. At the cost of people starving or not starving. We're already here, Keyleth. I'm down for joining them and letting them join our cause, and using their infrastructure, but beyond that-- Can I use perception to make sure that we're really private right now?",Perception
Acrobatics,"If the parasite hasn't a host to feed on, the parasite dies. No, thank you. Percy? I'm sorry, but I think our methods of being rulers might differ. I don't think I need to sell myself for the greater good. ""Very well. Unfortunate as it is. Step forward."" Is this a whisper? No, this is him asking you to step forward. He steps really close to you, and he takes you by the shoulders and turns you around to face away from him. Do you resist? I'm going to roll out of his hands forward to my friends.",Persuasion
Stealth,"about. I wanted people on the inside keeping us informed, and we just lost a very powerful spy network. I think the only people on the inside right now have scales. Everybody needs something. Can we go back to the keep? We are not going to bother. We're going to go and we're going to find a way of killing these things, and we're going to hope for the best in this city. That's what we're going to do. As you guys are heading back, I need stealth checks from everybody.",Stealth
Stealth,"29. We have a plus ten? 33. All right. You guys push southward through the city, finding your way. At this point, the sun has set. Night has come in, and occasionally you hear the flapping of leathery wings overhead as a number of sentry groups of wyvern riders go tearing through the city. At one point, you hear a similar (raspy cry) sound, and you hear other ones begin rising up off the rooftops, heading in your direction, Keyleth. What do you guys do? The minute we see that, I'm going to push her against the wall, and I'm going to Minor Illusion a shadow right over her.",Stealth
Arcana,"Hey, what's in that bag? Yeah, what'd you catch? She walks up to the table where Mertin's standing, he reaches out to greet her, with arms extended. She throws it into his arms, he catches it, pulls it open. You see within there is a head of what looks like a humanoid head, but the skin is greyish and featureless. The eyes are whitish and milky. What hair is there, in wisps, is white in color. Who here is trained in arcana? I think I am. I am. You know what this is. I already know.",Perception
Persuasion,"can just have? Don't they have like a supply room? It would be welcome. ""We have things we can provide, as you are members."" Oh good, yes. ""Mind you, not extremely active members as of late, but..."" But we will be. Think about the giant amount of claws and teeth and eyeballs and leather wings and scales. We're about to get really fucking active. We're going to be so fucking rich. Think of the armor I could forge you from red dragon parts.",Persuasion
Deception,"Those are the Knickknacks of Kaa. I know, and they're quite valuable. But he said six thousand, six hundred and (mumbles) and we know this will cover that. I can't. Please sir, please don't take advantage of us by taking these things from us. They're too valuable, please, I beg of you. What have you pulled out? The Knickknacks of Kaa. The Knickknacks of Kaa?! No, not the Knickknacks of Kaa! (worried sigh) Now I'm doubting-- No, you know what, maybe I shouldn't trade these. Put them away, put them away.",Deception
Sleight of Hand,"Oh wait, I don't get to roll? Huh? I don't get to roll anything? No, it just gives her advantage. 27. (sighs) Oh, that's good. That was a really good roll. (laughs) That was good. He goes, ""No, no, no, no. Put them on the table, please. I would like to have a look. Just ""in casies."" I'll put one of them down so you can look. As she places it down, can I do a little Gust cantrip and do a little poof of air?",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"Really quickly, while the Thaumaturgy is happening, I'm going to cast Minor Illusion, just go for it. What is happening right now?! We're stacking the deck, man. We're stacking it. Any one of these could fail. If they all succeed, it's going to be dope. I'm going to make a-- the image of a beautiful woman briefly appear in the reflection of the object and then vanish. Just a gleam. That's hot. That's hot. Thank you.",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"happening, I'm going to cast Minor Illusion, just go for it. What is happening right now?! We're stacking the deck, man. We're stacking it. Any one of these could fail. If they all succeed, it's going to be dope. I'm going to make a-- the image of a beautiful woman briefly appear in the reflection of the object and then vanish. Just a gleam. That's hot. That's hot. Thank you. You need to make a sleight of hand check.",Sleight of Hand
Intimidation,"me, darling. ""Well then, step away. You don't need my business, obviously. Is this how your 'Shiny ""Manager' deals with your shinies? Or would you wish to deal with this face to face?"" Tell you what. Take two thousand off your asking price and we have a deal. ""That is ridiculous! No."" How's your family? ""What does that mean?"" Just curious how everybody's doing? Everybody healthy, happy? Yeah, are they well? In one piece? Have you seen your wife?",Persuasion
Perception,"My guess is he couldn't get to the front of the tent by the time we got to him. But that's up to you. We're just guests here. No, it's all right. I know they're expensive. And we've already taken enough advantage. Yeah, if they're what they say they are. No! That's what I'd do. Cross your fingers. Can I sniff and make sure it's actually a real potion that he gave us? Did he give us fucking fake potions? You can go back and take a moment and sniff,",Persuasion
Perception,"to you. We're just guests here. No, it's all right. I know they're expensive. And we've already taken enough advantage. Yeah, if they're what they say they are. No! That's what I'd do. Cross your fingers. Can I sniff and make sure it's actually a real potion that he gave us? Did he give us fucking fake potions? You can go back and take a moment and sniff, yeah. Go ahead and make a perception check. Is it like watered-down gasoline?",Perception
Persuasion,"You're welcome. ""Hiiii!"" H-hi. I give the money to Percy to give to him. And I hand it out. (laughter) ""Would you like some coffee?"" Victor! Thank you, you're so kind. And if you would be so lovely as to not mention us to my friend if she should happen back. ""50 gold."" Oh, shit! Tell you what, Victor. I don't think you want to tell her anything.",Persuasion
Perception,"half-orc gentleman. Damn it, I was hoping it was Kima! That would have been hilarious. He walks in, wiping his hands from dirt in the mines, stops, looks over at your table. Slowly backs out of the tavern and steps back out into the thoroughfare. Hey, look at that guy who went out the door! He looked like that guy you fought in that ring. Really? That guy, yeah. Go get (stammering) do it again. Hold on a second. And I run out the door. I run after him, out the door.",Investigation
Nature,"But it doesn't seem antagonistic in any way. No. Just-- they're protecting their temple. We'll make it that, though. You guys continue inward, towards the central chamber, the high stone ceiling before you. You can see there are holes carved throughout the ceiling and the stonework that cause beams of light to come shooting through from the sky. What catches your interest in here is that the sky is cloudy. There is no specific source of direct sunlight, yet there are beams of light within the temple itself that form a pattern across the stone marble floor of the central chamber.",Nature
Religion,"""And I feared it was the work of our lord's nemesis."" Straight-up nemesis? Yes, can you elaborate? He puts his hand up. Sorry. ""However, with much prayer of mine and my acolytes, we find no tremor of the Dragon Queen, ""nor the stench of Baator, on this business."" Dragon Queen Baator? Is that what he said? Baator? Baator. B-a-a-t-o-r. Is the Queen-- I'm sorry-- are the Queen and Baator the same?",Religion
Religion,"Straight-up nemesis? Yes, can you elaborate? He puts his hand up. Sorry. ""However, with much prayer of mine and my acolytes, we find no tremor of the Dragon Queen, ""nor the stench of Baator, on this business."" Dragon Queen Baator? Is that what he said? Baator? Baator. B-a-a-t-o-r. Is the Queen-- I'm sorry-- are the Queen and Baator the same? Make a religion check. All of us or just--?",Religion
Athletics,"really catch yourself, and just land flat on your back in the sand. (wheezing sounds) We're all hanging back. Puts his arm down. Just watching. ""Strongjaw. Where do you find your strength?"" In my anger. ""You walk between worlds. Weakness in mind or weakness in conviction. What do you stand for? ""Where do you find your strength?"" At which point, as you're getting up, there's another blinding flash for a second and your feet are left out from",Investigation
Acrobatics,"(whispers) Pike's not here. ""Who would push you to your potential. Choose your bloody muses."" Does he mean us, or? Do they have to be here? He looks over to the rest of you on the side of the pit. ""Choose."" (sighs) I choose my buddy Pike. She's not here. I don't care, I just say it anyway. I choose Vax and I choose Scanlan. We give him his strength, sir. As you finish that sentence, two monks that you failed to notice were behind you shove both of",Stealth
Insight,"you? ""No I'm fine. I've seen plenty of your strengths in the past."" And nipples. Okay. We're missing something, I don't understand. I feel like we're missing something, wait, you're trying to get us passage to the back-- You're trying to get us passage to the Knuckles place, is that, get them passage? Or are you trying to get us to the lake? I'm so confused. This is out of character, I literally don't have an idea what's going on.",Insight
History,"Well, you don't have any reason to think that. Could be hanging from a tree branch. I'm sure. You know what, Grog, that's an excellent point. Yeah. Just hiding in plain sight. Hanging on a tree branch under the lake. That's where I'd hide it. Z, Kash, you all have been by the Loch before, would you know what-- It was pretty unremarkable last time we were there if it's the one I'm thinking of. Actually, I may have remembered something about the Loch? What do I, would I have remembered anything at all?",History
Investigation,"All right. I'm in. Is there a library nearby? (laughs) Oh, it's been two weeks and I missed you guys. Do we have a library at the Take? Hm? There are a collection of books at the Take, but most of them are in reference to cataloging various creatures, details about their lifestyles, their inherent weaknesses, what elements of their bodies can be harvested and what clients are usually looking for. It's more specific to the business of the Slayer's Take than anything that would involve local history. I mean, I'll say if two of you would like to make an",Investigation
Persuasion,"for them, but they usually like things in mint condition when they buy their antiques. This has a damaged spine, I see it, and yellowing of the pages. And it seems like somebody's bookmarked this one. It wasn't kept in its neoprene sleeve. He slams the book shut as you're perusing through the pages. ""30 gold, or I will ask you to ""leave."" Oh. This is the worst haggling ever. Get out your buyer's guide. What's your name? (groaning) Just kill him!",Persuasion
Stealth,"half-measure. About the same as the Firebrand-ish? It's technically non-magical. Okay. 14. 14. You manage to just barely, as you see this thing coming towards you, and duck beneath it. I thought you were going to tell me a dirty joke, or something! When you say ""come here,"" usually that's what that means! No, I wanted to try out the hammer. Oh. Well then, no! Try it on Vax. I'm already 20 paces away. Vax? I go stealth.",Stealth
Perception,"half-measure. About the same as the Firebrand-ish? It's technically non-magical. Okay. 14. 14. You manage to just barely, as you see this thing coming towards you, and duck beneath it. I thought you were going to tell me a dirty joke, or something! When you say ""come here,"" usually that's what that means! No, I wanted to try out the hammer. Oh. Well then, no! Try it on Vax. I'm already 20 paces away. Vax? I go stealth.",Stealth
Insight,"Try as you might to look around, Vax is nowhere to be seen. I literally just pivoted around my sister and pressed against her. Doing exactly what she does? I'm going to use Minor Illusion to make a really shitty Vax. A really cruddy-looking Vax. Not in Vasselheim! Oh, shit. Too late. Too late. So as you're looking around, you see this strange quiver of shadow that seems to formulate in the air, and this awkward, still, unmoving, awkward mannequin-type visual recreation of Vax muddles itself there. I need you to roll an",Persuasion
Perception,"full to the top, if a little icy at the surface, it seems relatively undisturbed. You make your way, all drifting down, back beneath the canopy of the Vesper Timberland, and at the edges of the lake. Are there any islands in the loch? Are there any islands or any sort of rocks or outcroppings, or anything within the loch itself? No, actually. It's a pretty solid surface, and as you guys have drifted down in your form, looking at it, you can see that there is a layer of ice. You're not quite sure how thick, but the surface is very crystalline. Any remnants of ruins around the loch?",Perception
Perception,"Are there any islands in the loch? Are there any islands or any sort of rocks or outcroppings, or anything within the loch itself? No, actually. It's a pretty solid surface, and as you guys have drifted down in your form, looking at it, you can see that there is a layer of ice. You're not quite sure how thick, but the surface is very crystalline. Any remnants of ruins around the loch? Make a perception check. From above, could I see any sort of caverns or openings in the ground, or something that looked like caves? That's what I was keeping my eye out for as we went.",Perception
Investigation,"looked like caves? That's what I was keeping my eye out for as we went. Make a perception check for you, as well. 25. 25. You see there are bits of stone scattered about 30 feet out from the lake's edge. Going to inspect them, and looking about them, there are pieces of fallen walls and what appear to be elements of the tomb, possibly before it fell within, but you do not see any sort of opening or entrance. It's just a part of some structure, some foundation that was left behind. Are there any runes or any markings of any kind?",Investigation
Investigation,"and receded into the earth itself was probably about a half-mile to a mile back. Nothing that is in the immediate vicinity of this lake. Okay. Is this technically-- are we in the woods? Is this my favored terrain again? Yes. You guys have come down into the forest. You're all still in mist form, so you're unable to directly interact with anything in the area. 11. 11? Doesn't seem to have any specific elements or markings. Can I try, as well, because I can read any writing that we find? May I make a check, as well?",Investigation
Perception,"Okay. Testing it with your foot on the edge, it doesn't seem to be any give. Looking up close, you can see it's probably a good inch and a half of ice. Can I go hit the place where Grog hit his head and see if I can crack a hole in the ice? Yeah. It takes you a few minutes, but you manage to break apart and make a head-sized hole. And how thick is it, based on what she just did? It's about an inch. Oh, just an inch. Ooh. This is going to suck! And I put my head underwater to see if I can look around.",Perception
Investigation,"Breathing. Oh, killer. Our good old Zahra is already down there looking. Let's try to set up camp in the trees, so we're not on the ground. Yeah, like in Whitestone. As they're setting up camp, Kash doesn't leave the side of the lake. He's just watching for where Z went in. He's just staring the whole time. All right, so as you guys are setting up camp in a similar way that you did in Whitestone, up within the actual tree canopy itself, I need",Investigation
Nature,"happened. What do you mean, there was no plant life? Well, I went down. There were two entrances, and obviously they had crumbled and were no longer accessible, and it seemed like there was one more, but around it-- there was pretty substantial plant life all around, coming out from the ground, but in about a ten-foot area, there was nothing there. And I tried to get down in with my snout, but all I did was kick up more silt, and I couldn't really see anything. Strange. This was at the bottom of the ocean floor? Of the loch, yes. The loch.",Nature
Nature,"accessible, and it seemed like there was one more, but around it-- there was pretty substantial plant life all around, coming out from the ground, but in about a ten-foot area, there was nothing there. And I tried to get down in with my snout, but all I did was kick up more silt, and I couldn't really see anything. Strange. This was at the bottom of the ocean floor? Of the loch, yes. The loch. Can I do a nature check to see if that sounds like anything familiar and could be a problem?",Nature
Investigation,"I can do my beast thing. I'll be fine. I jump in and go shark form. I go to the edge of the loch and watch. So do I. Okay, so the two of you are waiting at the edge of the loch? Keyleth jumps off the edge, and in midair, forms into this giant shark form that slams into the surface of the cold water through the opening that Grog had already opened. She's really attractive now, isn't she? That shark. I'm with Kash, man. What? Huh? (laughter)",Perception
Investigation,"slams into the surface of the cold water through the opening that Grog had already opened. She's really attractive now, isn't she? That shark. I'm with Kash, man. What? Huh? (laughter) All right. Make an investigation check. I can't do nature, or anything like that? Are you inspecting the ruin? What do you want to do? Can I see if the hole is natural-made, or man-made?",Investigation
Investigation,"it doesn't appear to be man-made, by any means. It just looks to have formed by some perpetual disturbance of the muddy earth in that vicinity. Sounds like a creature. Anything else you want to investigate while you're down there? Does there appear to be any type of motion, or does it look like it's going downward, or is it just flat? It has some variation to it, and there's a portion that appears to have been dug up, or at least, there is a slight indentation. Let me do a quick lap around the ruins and see if I see anything that jumps out at me.",Investigation
Perception,"There's a difference between climbing a tree and getting up into a tree and then getting into a comfortable place where you can rest and not destroy the tree. It's a combination of minor druidic talents to create an element of the tree's growth that would be able to support a weight the size of a bear. Yeah, I grow a basket. Yeah. You've done it before. A bear basket. Trinket's very thankful. All right, the two of you keep watch for the first watch. We'll say for about a four-hour period. Okay. As the end of your watch progresses,",Athletics
Perception,"(laughter) The clinking of armor as Kima rolls over on one of the branches and is face-palming at the conversation. You are really fucking cool. You know that, don't you? At this point, you hear a distant screech that echoes across the night sky. All of you wake up. While not extremely loud, it is very noticeable and cuts through the silence, as there is a very still wind tonight. Even if my sister's waking up, I kick her hard in the ass. Ah! Fuck you!",Perception
Perception,"find an opening that you guys didn't see yesterday. I'm going to take a walk around the whole thing and see if I can see anything on the edges. How big-- you said the lake was like 350 feet-- It's about 350 feet circumference around. It's not a very, very large-- I can destroy water, but I don't know. I can control water. Could you, like, make a, you know, parting of the Red Sea sort of thing? I might be able to, actually, yeah. Try that.",Investigation
Stealth,"I don't know yet. Just wait for a second. I'm going to sit for a minute. One minute, and see what they do. Can we stealth? Yeah, let's all stealth. All right. Everyone roll stealth. Are you keeping your light spells up? No. Both of you snuff the light spells, so you have zero visibility right now. I am really well-hidden. I've got darkvision. I do, too. So do I.",Stealth
Perception,"22. 28. 17. 17. With the plus ten? 14. 14. With the plus ten? No, then it's 24. 24. Okay. Is there any light here? Dim light? There is no light. We just doused it. Grog and I can see. Darkvision. These two figures just walk beyond. What little bit you can see, and both of you guys roll",Perception
Perception,"I've noticed that you all have some sort of earpiece. Do you have any extra? No, but I'm going to go with you, so I'll be able to report. Oh, great. Okay, two of you stay behind. Kash, are you sure you don't want to go with Vax? No, I'm good. Thank you. All right. All right, so. Grog and Vax, you guys traverse to the right, with what little light he's giving off the dagger. It continues for about 15 feet before it curves sharply to the right. Roll a",Perception
Nature,"Grog, there's a spiral staircase and some snot. So we're going to keep going. Wait, wait. You're going down into the snotty-- Talking to Grog! Let's all go down into the spiral staircase. I heard it, as well. We don't want to split up. Wait there for a minute. Is there any moss-snot near Percy and I, in the middle of the hall? Looking about your general vicinity, very quickly. At your foot, yeah, there's some. Can I do a check-- A snot check?",Nature
Perception,"how it-- We're all in the same tunnel now? You guys are all making your way down the left tunnel, down the spiral staircase that Zahra found. So. You progress downward. You're looking for--? Traps. I'm looking for traps. Just keeping an eye out? Yeah, I'm using the light from her thumb or whatever. My staff. I want to look for any imperfections in the stairs that look like they could collapse at any time or they could be unsafe.",Investigation
Perception,"Hey, Keyleth? Have you ever seen feathers like this? Do they appear to be raven feathers? They are raven feathers, yes. Why were they covered in goo? Maybe this was some sort of offering to the Raven Queen? We might be getting close. Fuck. The Raven Queen. Right, that makes sense. Well done. Thank you. You guys: ravens. Ravens, yeah. Onward. Pressing down the spiral staircase. It comes to another floor beneath the one you just hailed",Investigation
Investigation,"22? All right, you (zoomf) just out of the way as these two pendulum blades (whoosh) right past you, missing you by about a half an inch. And then (whoosh) disappear and then swing back a second time, resetting on opposite sides of the hallway. We all saw that, right? You all saw that with a very (whoosh, whoosh). Scythes in the wall? My nose tickles right now. I'm going to attempt to take these out and-- hold on. Can I perceive around and see if I see any switches or anything that would turn them off?",Investigation
Investigation,"Can I perceive around and see if I see any switches or anything that would turn them off? Make an investigation check. Thieves' tools to disarm, right? Based on the check you previously made, these are a little more intricate and you're having a hard time finding a way to disarm them. This would be more of trying to find a mechanism in which to disarm them, which she is currently doing. This wouldn't be Underdark-y at all, would it? No. Then I rolled a ten.",Investigation
Investigation,"hidden, if there is a way to be able to disable the trigger. You have not encountered this before, and it is a little beyond your expertise at the moment. Grog, there's giant scythes in the wall or something and I can't figure out how to take it apart. Do you have a weapon that you could jam in this fucker? Like a throwaway weapon that you don't care about? Yeah. I've got three greatswords that are shit. Do you want to fucking fuck this knife hole with a sword? On Vex's suggestion, I'm going to make an",Investigation
Perception,"vision, you would have to travel up with him to be able to see around the corner as you move. Vex, could you tell Zahra to come up another 20 feet or so? Coming. Coming now. So I go up and I stand next to him. Walk quietly, dear. As you continue to move forward with him, the light cascading further down the hall, eventually the curvature comes to a halt and you can see before you a T-intersection of the tunnel. Across the way, the tunnel directly across from you comes to a halt. It just ends about 20 feet beyond this intersection. There is a path to the",Perception
Acrobatics,"How strong are you? (laughing) I'm terribly not strong at all. No, but I can get in and get out. Can't carry any one person over? Maybe a gnome? I could maybe try to leap from the sides of the hole or something. Where it meets this center area, it's only about a five-foot step over. Oh. To the other parts of the intersection. I could totally parkour that. As long as you're not going directly across. If you're just going catty-corner, it would be a",Athletics
Acrobatics,"If you're just going catty-corner, it would be a relatively easy acrobatics check. Barring you don't roll a one. Hold on, I've got this figured out. Hold on. Hold on, shush. Eenie, meany, miney, mo. Catch a tiger by the toe-- Do you want to go left, I'll go right? (whispering) I think we should go down. Eenie, meany, miney, mo. We go rightwards. Can we look down? Can we just look down? Does my darkvision extend at all 60 feet down into the hole to see what's there? All right, as you guys approach, Vax deftly attempts to leap over to the right side of the",Acrobatics
Perception,"Eenie, meany, miney, mo. We go rightwards. Can we look down? Can we just look down? Does my darkvision extend at all 60 feet down into the hole to see what's there? All right, as you guys approach, Vax deftly attempts to leap over to the right side of the T-junction. Make an acrobatics check. That's a 30-something. 30-- Three. Perfect two-toed landing. Just (ta-ding). And you are immediately met with... a wall. It ends to the right. It's almost like across the way and immediately to the right both just end abruptly. And there's nothing here?",Acrobatics
Religion,"You can see there are symbols burned into what looks to be some sort of a bird head that ends in these streaks that are carved into the rock. Intricately, and done with a very careful hand. (groans) There's a bunch of bullshit on this wall and a raven's head, and I don't know what any of it fucking means. I use my Cloak of the Bat to fly over and to read it. Wait, you can read bullshit? I can read bullshit. I have-- Oh, I read bullshit. Eyes of the Runekeeper. Okay. It's not a language. It is a symbol.",Religion
Acrobatics,"I'm going to hop over to where the doors are. I hop over to the doors, too. Okay. Both of you guys make acrobatics checks. Jesus, don't fall. (high-pitched noise) 13. 14. 31. Okay. Yeah, you guys make it across fine. Can I just fly over and land? Kima's getting impatient, and she joins you guys across that way. She's fine on her roll. Yeah, I'll jump over towards the doors as well.",Acrobatics
Investigation,"Good to join us, Grog. Yeah, no big deal. Good to know you can jump at all. Yes, how'd that work for you? Listen, an example of what not to do. Are your hands okay? Yeah. Should we proceed? What is all this dilly-dally? Are the doors locked? You go ahead and push on the door? Wait! What are you doing over there? Are there traps on the door? I check for traps. Wait up-- okay, go for it.",Investigation
Perception,"16. Okay. Looking over it, there is what looks to be a locking mechanism on it, but it is not currently locked. Well, that was lucky. Is it? (door squeaking sound) I push? You push? (thump) It doesn't budge. You have to put some of your weight behind it to get it to shift at all, and it (creak) opens up slightly into a pitch-black room ahead of you. Oh good, more darkness. I peek in and, using my darkvision, see what I can see for 60 feet.",Investigation
Perception,"pillars reach to the ceiling, and there are steps across the way, what appears to be a raised platform. That's the most detail you can make out of it at this distance-- you'd have to get close. Can't see much. It's a taller ceiling, there seems to be a platform in the middle and some pillars. Like a platform like a tomb? No, I can't see, really. Like an altar? It's a slightly raised platform, that's-- Grog, can you help? Can you do anything, can you see any further than me? Yeah, I come over, and-- 'cause I have 60 feet of darkvision. Can I try?",Perception
Acrobatics,"has no iris, just a deep, thick, black pupil. And a streaking beam, it sounds like a shrieking voice, just (shrieks) streaks out and slams into you, this black, solid beam. You take 55 points of necrotic damage. (gasps) Oh my god. Yeah. Sure, sure, yeah. Yeah. I hate beholders so much. That ends Keyleth's turn. Kima's turn. Is she unconscious or is she awake? We're going to find out. She's possibly still falling, it could be a really deep hole. She's like, 'Damn, this is taking forever.'",Athletics
Stealth,"chamber. And if counting is right, I'm 60 feet away from the beholder. You'd be just within 60 feet. Just within, right. That's what I thought, and I'm going to throw three daggers at his fuckin' eyeball. Go for it. You used your bonus action to hide, so you get two attacks. Two attacks? But I got the hasted boots on. I clicked the heels. Right. But you only have one attack with your main action. Oh, right! Thanks. And do I have advantage-- no one's near him, right?",Stealth
Athletics,"There we go, right there, that's perfect. And I would like to use the Chain of Returning on Craven Edge and throw it up into the bottom of the Beholder. Okay, go ahead and roll for an attack. 23. That hits! With a five, it fails its saving throw, so you take a plus one strength, he takes a minus one strength. Yay, amazing! 19. 19? Yeah, 19 points of damage. All right, great. The blade sinks into it, as you yank it back, go ahead and make an",Athletics
Stealth,"You have to guess. You don't know the specific elements of his ray. I'm going to use Cunning Action to hide. Well, first and foremost, at the beginning of your turn, I need you to make a dexterity save. Yeah, evasion. Yeah, don't worry. That's 30. All right. Don't say you're using evasion yet. It doesn't damage you. Or you could have wasted your evasion for no reason. However, you do avoid being grappled as they try and grab onto you and hold onto you. You can use your bonus action to--? Hide.",Stealth
Perception,"25, okay. I'm going to run past Trinket along the back wall, all around the edge, over to where Vex and Kash are. All right, right there. I'm going to keep pushing along-- This is our spot! I'm going to get between them, and I know that slows the movement down, but I want to be in there, and I'm going to use my two actions left to throw daggers at the floating fucking bowling ball with eyes. I duck so he can shoot. You do not have advantage, because it rolled",Athletics
Athletics,"automatically fail dexterity saving throws. Oh my god, that's bad. All right. The beam hits you and your skin begins to turn a dull gray as you begin to see your flesh beginning to harden around your body. That ends its turn. Grog, you're up. Can I run as far into the alcove that is at his rear, just underneath him, as far as I can? Yeah, right there. Maybe one step closer, so right underneath him. You're still attached to the thing? Yeah. Yeah, so I'd like to pull the blade out. Okay, so this will be your bonus action to",Athletics
Athletics,"To, like, punch the beholder into the ground? Oh, you can attempt to make a slam attack to push it down, if that's what you're wishing to do. That's what I want to do. All right, go ahead and make the attack. Yeah! Yeah, yeah. Big money, no whammies. Okay, okay, that's not bad, that's not bad. 21! That was awesome. Okay. 21, that definitely hits. Let me just-- Kill him, Keyleth! There we go. All right, so actually, that",Athletics
Investigation,"resting, surrounded by what looks like very, very fine golden and silver jewelry that have just been laid at its sides. And on the corpse itself, you can see there is a set of jet-black studded leather armor that has a series of runic engravings and carvings along pretty much every square inch of the leather. And you can see around the the mantle of it, where the leather mantle falls, the edge is trimmed with black feathers. That's hot. That's fuckin' sick. That's some Labyrinth of Jareth shit right there. Artists, go!",Investigation
Insight,"Kash walks over and heals Kima. Okay, as Kima gets pulled over the edge, you reach over and help. She's like, ""Thanks, ""appreciate that, I-- that didn't go as planned. I'm a little embarrassed."" (laughs) All good, Kima! ""It was a very long fall! And I survived that--"" You did! Did you feel anything squish when you landed? ""Eh, nothing I couldn't handle."" Did you black out? ""No."" Did you pee your underoos?",Insight
Perception,"It's infinite rope! Yeah, but I would throw the whole thing down. I throw it down to him. Are there any beholder teeth left? Anything? Any sort of-- I mean, there are chunks of, there are a few full teeth that you could try and take. Keyleth actually goes over and starts doing her harvesting thing. Not a whole lot left to harvest. Like, it is destroyed. There's a few eyestalks that you could probably pull. Yeah, that's true, I'll check out the eyestalks.",Perception
Arcana,"Six. The energy itself vibrates within the glass shards, which then shatter, seemingly not able to focus the energy of the spell. I take my enchanted moonstone from my staff and place it next to her. Okay, so as you take the moonstone, and-- are you speaking to your patron to aid with this? I am. All right, so as you take the moonstone and hold it aloft, you place it near the focus of Kashaw's ritual. The dull white glow begins to intermingle with the dark, shattered energy of Vesh's grant, and as they impact, it creates this strange grey swirl. I need you to go ahead and",Arcana
Persuasion,"something next. (whispered) That's good. That's good. 17. Okay. The grey balances, and where the two meet now, there is just grey energy seeping into her body. You, focusing, look up at the altar where the body was, and you see the very faint drifting image of a dark female form looking on. Who wants to make the third and final attempt to aid? I will-- I do. Oh, sure, I will let you do that. I pull my sister in close, and I say, take me instead, you raven bitch.",Persuasion
Arcana,"Look, I'm a giant tank and I've got a super long, like, sword, I could try and give it a pick-up if everybody backs away. Well, what if I lifted it up and put it onto your sword, and then you could carry it out that way? I was going to put it in the Bag of Holding. Oh, put it in the Bag of Holding? Can I lift it up and put it in the Bag of Holding? Again, can we read anything that's written on it? Well, we need it, that's what's going to help you guys. Well, all the runes are inscribed there  you",Religion
Religion,"Look, I'm a giant tank and I've got a super long, like, sword, I could try and give it a pick-up if everybody backs away. Well, what if I lifted it up and put it onto your sword, and then you could carry it out that way? I was going to put it in the Bag of Holding. Oh, put it in the Bag of Holding? Can I lift it up and put it in the Bag of Holding? Again, can we read anything that's written on it? Well, we need it, that's what's going to help you guys. Well, all the runes are inscribed there  you",Religion
Arcana,"penance for ascending and taking the throne of another entity that was supplanted. It's just seemingly a history tale that is woven in with a very, very strong enchantment, and you see within each one of these little runic sections, there are fire, ice, lightning, you know, it runs through all these various elemental arcane properties that are bound into this enchantment. You're not entirely certain what the nature of it is. Well, do you want to put it into the Bag of Holding and then deal with it later, when you're up against these things? Yeah.",Arcana
Investigation,"It was the runic things in the sarcophagus that set off that blast, not the leather itself? You don't know. But there were two runic circles within the inside of the sarcophagus that were not visible when you first looked into it, that are both now visible and expended of energy. All right, yeah, let's put it in the Bag of Holding. You want to Mage Hand onto my swordy, and then we shish-kabob it into the bag? Yes, I'll take the crystal as well. Is that the only thing-- the rest are all tarnished and green, yes? Yeah. All right. So here's the black-- can I do an",Investigation
Religion,"Yeah, which means it wouldn't work in the first place. What if he's friendly? I mean, he talks about being an ally. It might be an ally. Well then, wouldn't we want to save it? An ally of Purvan! An ally of Purvan's! Yes. Is Purvan a good guy? Yes. I thought the Raven Queen was not good! No, the Raven Queen-- She's like-- neutral. Can I make a roll for this?",Religion
Stealth,"Hey, all right, I'll pick it up. All right. You guys find your way out. At this point night has taken  you can hear the crickets starting to spread throughout the city. As the rest of the blue night sky takes on-- Evening is ready, do you guys have anything else to accomplish before the evening comes to a close? Wait 'til it's quiet. And I leave the room that I've been given at Whitestone. And I find my sister's door. And I stand outside it, and I stare at it for a minute-- Vax? Is that you? And I stealth away. I open the door.",Stealth
Perception,"The clomping of horse hooves in the distance, apparently. I open it. Hey. Hi. You okay? I don't know. Come in. Sit down. I go in. Okay. How do you feel? I don't know. All I know is... that I felt her. I don't know magic, I don't know anything. I open doors, and only when the wind is blowing in the right direction, sometimes, I think. I don't know what happened, but I felt her. Do you still feel her?",Investigation
Nature,"things, and your plans for the day, what do you wish to do? We are a city of seasonal affectation disorder, so. Well, I open my door and find my brother falling through it. I'm awake. Oh, good morning. Hi. Comfortable bed, I see. Yeah. Sorry, I couldn't find my room. Yeah, it's confusing, all these, all these doors. What time's it?",Investigation
Stealth,"like to be able to see. Yeah yeah yeah! Yeah! We won't shut the door, I just want you outside of any potential blast radius. Let's spread out in a circle  we'll let it loose in the center, that way it can't even see all of us. All right, I like it. It only gets to see Scanlan. It can see me. I'm going to stealth. Well, when a thing is born, it latches on to the first thing it sees, like its mama. Yes, we're going to hide.",Stealth
Stealth,"armor on,' so I'm doing it. Okay. That'll take you about 15 minutes. Aw. 15 minutes! Well, guess I'm doing it. All right. You don't just slip on leather armor. (chuckles) No, I get that, I get that, I would've guessed two minutes. Can somebody check to see if it's actually a wolf or just looks like one? Like, check it? Can I use my perception? You're a bit far away from it right now. You can try to get closer if you want. Can I sneak?",Perception
Animal Handling,"You should yell out, 'I'm stealthing'. I'm stealthing! Damn it. 19? Okay. As you begin making your way forward, it doesn't seem to notice you. Hey, it doesn't? No. Can I see it better now to perceive it? Looking right at it, and from your experience in the wild as well, and Keyleth, you're getting it, this does not appear to be anything beyond a large wolf. I'm going to get on my knees and put out my hand and call it. Galdric, Galdric.",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"you (thudding). Wait, wait, Trinket-- This is for your buddy Galdric. Galdric! Just keeps walking, doesn't even look at you in the face, walks-- I throw the treat and say, hey! It scatters across the stone. Walks between your legs and exits out. I pivot on my back foot. I take out Craven Edge-- No! No, I do, I take out Craven Edge and I sink it into the earth right beside his head. And I say, (shouts) heel!",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"You want a task? I'll give you one. All right. How long does Speak With-- I don't know. It lasts for ten minutes, so you can cast it again. It's first level. Oh, has it not been ten minutes? It has been more than ten minutes. It took you three hours to return. Okay, we walked back? Okay, I'll cast it again. All righty. Can I cast Speak With Animals on other people? I can't, right? No. All right, so as you shout, go ahead and",Animal Handling
Medicine,"He does. I do. Put it on. I might pick up some fire resistant potions as well. I have this black iron plate that I haven't used ever. 'While wearing this heavy plate 'armor, the bearer gains resistance to any fire damage.' Five gold for an herbalist's kit for you. Oh, plate armor, none of us can wear it but Pike. An herbalist's kit, like five gold. Can that stabilize people?",Medicine
Investigation,"To look for survivors and close the giant tear in the fire plane that evil, well not evil, fiery entities are pouring through. It's a hellmouth, it's basically a hellmouth. It's either that or we go goliath hunting. That's next. But this is quick, this is something that we can knock off the list. All right, let's knock it off. Yeah, right, let's just check it off. As we're walking through town, do I see any weaponsmiths?",Investigation
Perception,"Excuse me, sorry to interrupt, I have a very simple request. He doesn't stop. He seems to, he acknowledges your presence but he's still working as he's listening. (smithing sounds) I have six gold burning a hole in my pocket. I'm not looking for anything simple. Do you have a short sword? A regular old shortsword. (ting) He looks over at you. ""If that's what you're looking for, on that wall over there we've ""got two shortswords."" (ting) What's the difference between the two that I can see? (smithing sounds) That you can see? Make a",Persuasion
Arcana,"is fine, if you're willing to be patient about it. Sure. Yes, no? Say one, just say one. Yeah, let's do it, let's do it. Let's go in prepared and then we can always rest on that side. Cool. For a fine, fine dinner. Just want to make sure we feast right before we leave so that it's most useful. All right, so. You, everyone else goes to sleep while you and Percy work tirelessly through the night. If I could have you-- Fuck! (laughs) Just for the sake of it, I want you",Arcana
Nature,"mountain where it has gathered and begun to cool. You guys are hundreds of feet off from this point as you step out of the tree. However, where you see the molten rock has reached the base of the mountain, you-- it's cooled and formed into solid rock at its base, and you start seeing flashes of the orange turning dark, then another section turns dark from the opposite side. And then a few moments pass and you can see the orange of the next section, up in like ten-foot segments, it's going dark and hardening on its own. You get the sense that your arrival did not trigger this more than it has been happening since before you arrived.",Nature
Perception,"check to see if you can ascertain. 16. 16. It's difficult to make out at this distance, but you can see, along portions of the jagged mountainside, a collection of small figures that are making their way up the mountain, and their slow ascent is met with the lava flow cooling in sections. Do they look like people, like humanoids? It's hard to tell from this distance, they look human-ish, humanoid-ish. I attempt to use the optics on my gun to get a better look at them.",Perception
Stealth,"There are no birds in the sky. Unfortunately, because of the nature of this area, especially as the oppressive fumes and dust continue to pour off from the top of the caldera of this mountain range, it has made it not fitting for any sort of aerial life that you're used to seeing. You glance around for about a minute or two and you don't see any sort of bird life in the air. Did the ground cool where they were walking? Could we follow them up? We should. Let's stay far behind. Let's go quietly. Let's walk. Stealth? I cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us.",Stealth
Perception,"Okay. You guys begin making your trek up. How are you going up the mountain? Are you scaling the cooled flow? Yeah. That's probably the safest route given the fact that most of the other side of the mountain range itself is pretty jagged, and elements of it, because of the formation of this giant volcanic caldera, there are portions of broken stone and obsidian glass that sticks out the side. As we're walking up, I fall behind and I slip Vax the potion of fire protection. All right. You guys continue in pace with this, eventually, and make",Perception
Perception,"about, just tearing through what remains of this countryside, and let's see, you actually, Vex'ahlia-- as you guys are stepping forward, keeping an eye on these glowing distant entities, these creatures, you catch out of the corner of your eye what appears to be a number of other humanoids, a small cluster of shadowed individuals far off to the left, tucked around the bottom of a tree. I ask everyone to wait. Percy. Yes? Can you look through your scope and see who that is? I'll take a look.",Perception
Stealth,"What could happen? I guess I use Pass Without a Trace on all of us. You did. Did we already have it? Did we already have it? From last time? As long as you're maintaining your concentration, how long does it last for? Concentration? I believe it-- It holds for up to an hour. An hour, yeah, so you can still be under that effect. Sweet. So I would like all six of you to roll",Stealth
Acrobatics,"of the shadow of the overhead clouds and smoke that has completely engulfed the above skyscape, behind you, bounding very loudly, is a gentle gnome, swishing brown hair-- I'm trying to do that thing that the Ashari just did. Right. It's not working. Hot, hot, hot. And as you're darting across, you're jumping over little open globules of molten lava that is starting to pour out from various crevices in the stone floor, you try to hop around to avoid that, and in doing so, your foot catches the edge of a piece of stone, and you begin to go into a tumble.",Acrobatics
Stealth,"assume? They're not very delicate, unfortunately. No, no, they're really for protection. Now, the zombies can really take a lot of damage to the front of the chest and the skeletons are quite quick, actually. So, you know. They've been fairly good for a while. All right. Good to know. We head towards the thing. Stealthily. To the thing! Shush! Stealthily. (whispering) To the thing!",Stealth
Intimidation,"""Go! He's not here yet! Alleviate this ""uncontrolled one!"" At which point, they all begin to swarm towards you. At which point I'm going to do a fire intimidation tactic. I'm going to do a fire radial thing. And I'm going to say, as the leader of this realm, as the Kaitaki of the Fire Nation, you will heed my word. Quite dramatic, isn't she? As you guys are watching this from a distance, all you hear is (guttural noises). It's really confusing and a little hilarious, to be honest. I think it's going well.",Intimidation
Sleight of Hand,"whoosh). And it's more of a smoldering sad elemental at the moment. I give them a fire thumbs-up. There you go. Strong sad elemental. First word. Two syllables. So, they're going back. Do we move on? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to take off, leading in my fire elemental form, deeper towards the rift. Keeping my eye out for any elementals that might be escaping. All right. This is her game. Yeah, but it's on fire.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"There you go. Strong sad elemental. First word. Two syllables. So, they're going back. Do we move on? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to take off, leading in my fire elemental form, deeper towards the rift. Keeping my eye out for any elementals that might be escaping. All right. This is her game. Yeah, but it's on fire. Go ahead and make a sleight of hand check. What? 18.",Sleight of Hand
Persuasion,"low and dive into that lava pit in front of me. Ooh! Sounds scary. And I want to-- using the lava around me to rise out of the lava and look really scary and badass, and then I'm going to shout to the living elementals, I'm going to be like, hear my warning! I am your new master! Retreat to the Fire Plane or meet your imminent demise! This is your last chance. Pretty good. Pretty good. Way better than last time. Thanks! Thanks, guys. And if you'd like to meet for coffee later I might be available. I'll say, given the use of lava control in this, they are still elementals, go ahead and",Persuasion
Persuasion,"to rise out of the lava and look really scary and badass, and then I'm going to shout to the living elementals, I'm going to be like, hear my warning! I am your new master! Retreat to the Fire Plane or meet your imminent demise! This is your last chance. Pretty good. Pretty good. Way better than last time. Thanks! Thanks, guys. And if you'd like to meet for coffee later I might be available. I'll say, given the use of lava control in this, they are still elementals, go ahead and make a persuasion check. No, intimidate, this would be intimidate. Okay. Okay. That's better than my",Persuasion
Perception,"gone, but you didn't see it happen and it's a little disappointing overall. I kick the dirt. All right. You guys look over as this elemental runs off towards the glowing doorway you see further down this passage. It's not that far away from you, but you do see the flickering doorway that's like (sputtering). You can see other entities beginning to step out of it, and you can see one larger form. It looks fiery, humanoid, just (crackling) comes out, lower body made of ash and cinders. I rush that way and look for my other tribe. Can I see any of my other tribemates?",Perception
Stealth,"presence of the tear. Oh my gosh. Probably fine. Probably. I don't think this will be bad We did not take a short rest, did we? No, you did not. There has been no time. I'm going to, and upon seeing this, drop oh shit, I have a feeling this is the 'him' they were talking about. And I have a feeling he's not going to believe that I'm the real new master. So there's that. So do some cold stuff, like this guy.",Insight
Arcana,"Top of the combat round. Yeah, nope. Not leading. All right. Shitty initiative roll. It's going to be fine. He's cut things out of cardboard. This doesn't look fun. There was planning. There was a thought process. Oh shit, towers. There was an instructables involved in this. This is just really-- we're doomed. No, no, he was down in the play zone before!",Arcana
Stealth,"finding its mark (impacts) into the body of the now profusely bleeding salamander. You can see now streaks of its own blood are pouring down, boiling on contact with air, the significant difference in temperature from the exterior and its actual interior body causing it to change from a liquid to a gas. That's our rogue. End your turn? I look over my shoulder at Keyleth like a dumb schmuck for a second, and then back at the salamander. Okay. Vex, you're up. Okay. Am I hiding? Am I hidden?",Investigation
Stealth,"skirmisher stealth, I can use a bonus action to hide. I'm pretty sure you have to... If you go from hiding to hiding, you can do it. You told me, I swear! Read the ability, read the ability! Okay, where was it? Right now, on the air. Okay, where is it? I don't know where it is. I'll find it, and then I'll find out. And then I'll roll for stealth then if it works. I'll say for the sake right now of the distraction, go ahead and do it for now, and we'll correct it later if need be. I would rather you",Stealth
Stealth,"hide. I'm pretty sure you have to... If you go from hiding to hiding, you can do it. You told me, I swear! Read the ability, read the ability! Okay, where was it? Right now, on the air. Okay, where is it? I don't know where it is. I'll find it, and then I'll find out. And then I'll roll for stealth then if it works. I'll say for the sake right now of the distraction, go ahead and do it for now, and we'll correct it later if need be. I would rather you have fun than not. So, what's your stealth roll?",Stealth
Performance,"right here, the zombie, can do a little break dancing, and then the skeleton can do a bit of the bird, and then maybe the worm. All right. As the skeleton leaps down into the worm (crash), just flat laid out, cracking part of its pelvis... Dancing without music. Yep. No music whatsoever. Is the zombie like (zombie groaning). The tip of his arm falls off at the ulna. Pop and lock! Pop and lock! All right. I'm going to go ahead and-- These guys are great! I'm going to ask you to go ahead and roll a",Performance
Stealth,"(singing) Gern it all the way. I'm doing great! Yep, your name was in the song! (singing) Gern is my name and this is definitely the song that I'm singing. It's discordant enough that on a low wisdom save I'll say the fire elemental's next attack has disadvantage. That was the strangest round of combat I think I've ever had in D&D. All right, Percy, you're up. Follow that. First, top of your round, you take nine points of fire damage. That's halved to five. I have the skirmisher stealth! As a bonus action at the end of your turn, you can make a",Stealth
Arcana,"is happening? Yes, you can do that. Can he push down? You can jump onto it and begin to push down. I'm going to push down with all my might, to try to get him down on the ground. You leap in the air and jump on it again and as you do the orb (sinking noise) and just slowly, over the next 15 seconds shove it down to the point where you're over the orb on the very top, as you can feel the spell about to dissipate. Grog, Grog! Stop trying to reanimate that thing and hit the freaking red guy into the hole!",Arcana
Athletics,"What are we trying to do, shove him back into the hole? Shove him in the hole! Grog, shove that fucking thing in there. He's over lava. You are made of hit points! All right, fuck it-- This is your thing. Can I do the vines from out of the portal? No, it has to have an anchor point somewhere. All right, fuck it, now I just run, in a rage, I run into the lava and I start shoving him straight toward the flaming vagina hole.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"of your rage. Yeah, I'll use another one. Okay, you go into a rage. All right, as you step into the lava, you suffer 26 points of fire damage from wading up to your knees in molten rock. Halved. Halved because of your resistance. So 12. I rolled a 22. 22. With that you, (boof), you shove the sphere, which shifts back about halfway to there. You have to catch yourself on the side, grabbing the broom and holding it out here as you're stepping the other direction. I want you to make",Athletics
Acrobatics,"it with this. With an app? With an app. (airhorn) (song starts) Oh, wait that's not what I wanted to do! Keep going! Distract him with your morning radio program! And that bit of chaos is just enough, as he begins to cast his innate Invisibility spell, it looks over. ""What in the-- Shit!"" And loses the spell concentration. The invisibility field vanishes, and it stands there above. All right, that brings us to Vax. Oh, shite. All right, I'm going to leap over the lava pit.",Acrobatics
Deception,"As you're dealing with this, you have no notice of this. You may question it later, if you like, but you have no idea where it went, and didn't see any of this transaction happen. Oh no! Oh no! What, what is it? Your broom fell in the lava! What? I saw it! I just turned around for a moment! I tried to give it back to you and it fell in the lava! Are you sure? Yeah!",Deception
Insight,"I just turned around for a moment! I tried to give it back to you and it fell in the lava! Are you sure? Yeah! Make a deception check. You shouldn't have looked at me when I cast my spell! This is why I never looked at you before! I was wrong to doubt you! No! No, you're a constant source of disappointment! 18. Where's my fucking broom?",Insight
Arcana,"You all have honest faces. Particularly her, over there. Very honest face. What can I do to help? What do you think would lend itself to a fire gate-sealing ritual? It could be a spell, it could be a use of a skill. How would you like to--? A candle? Do you have any candles that could aid? Like fiery candles, maybe? I have a-- No, this one casts-- This is bright light, there's a thunder candle. Blink candle. Destroy-- No, that destroys dexterity. I have a thunder candle, but I don't know if that would work.",Arcana
Nature,"I'm starting to think you're all very bad luck. However, that did aid the ritual. We have two more folks who could aid in this ritual. I can use-- I don't know if it will help, but I have a really great diamond of awesomeness that's precious. How would that help the ritual? I don't know. Am I a part of the people who could be included in the ritual too? Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. I am going to cast a 7th-level Plane Shift to help smush it closed.",Nature
Acrobatics,"You don't know. You'll find out. However you wish to aid this ritual and justify how it would be helpful in this instance. There's something I could do. Yeah, spit it up. I whip the Cape of the Mountebank out of my pocket and run at that door and jump off the edge and just try to balloon umbrella it down over with that red cape. Hmm. Okay. Matador it. I'm doing it. I'm matadoring it. Okay. I will say-- hmm. How do I make this work? I'm going to want you to go ahead and make",Acrobatics
Investigation,"She's the nicest! At a level three for you! That's really nice of you. You're a really good person. I am! I am. 20 points. Holy shit! Vex? Yes? This gentleman has done nothing but aid us. I know, and it's so kind of him. He's suffered the loss of three of his-- Look at all these treasures he's going to find here for his candles! Is there anything we can do to repay you?",Persuasion
Arcana,"Because it flies, Scanlan. What is it with you and flying? I don't know, there's just something about being up there in the air that makes me feel alive in a way that I've never felt before. I could make you fly. Okay. Wait-- Oh, you mean. With your cube. Yes, that's right. I'd rather you do it with this broom, actually. And not in any weird way, just to be able to help me make the broom fly. Do you know how to do that? I will try. I will examine the broom and make some sort of check on it.",Arcana
Investigation,"It's a number. 14. 14. Okay. Looking over the broom, you can tell it's enchanted. There are runes along the sides of the broom. You do gather from the nature of the enchantment that it is an item that requires a spoken phrase from the wielder to initiate its magic. Short of an Identify spell, you would probably have to guess. If you know the Identify spell, that would be a way for you to. I don't. Can I examine it to see if there's any markings, any hidden anything on it? Make an intelligence check. Or, you know what, this would be specifically investigation.",Arcana
Perception,"We could set an ambush later. Yeah! You guys begin to coast around the outside of Westruun, drifting up above as well, this wispy pattern of clouds. You get a view of the external farmlands that dot the north-northwestern side of Westruun. A number of them appear to have been burned. Not like forest fire or cataclysmic meteorite, like intentionally burned. The crops are charred and black, and there's a pattern to how that was set. A few farmhouses also appear to have burned as well. But there are farmlands that are also functional, and you can see people tilling the land. I want everyone to make a",Perception
Stealth,"Oh, I'm reverting, too. I'm a follower. All right, Scanlan. Keyleth? I guess so. Wow, we're just going to make this super obvious, huh? There are dragons flying overhead. Well, we've landed. We're in a corn field. Yeah, we've landed. Let's do it. We all want to die. All right, so all of you, including Grog, or are you staying in your mist form? Fuck it. Let's do it. I'm changing. You all take a moment to revert to your physical form. I would like everyone to make a",Perception
Perception,"We've got to go get his kid. I feel like we have to help them. We have to help them! Oh man. I feel like you all are talking like I normally do, and I'm talking like Grog normally does. This is such a weird day. No, you're using way too many prepositions. You said there are a lot of people that look like me. ""From what I've seen. I don't go too far into town, they keep me out here, but I've seen a few."" I'm keeping an eye out for the guard. I want to keep an eye out for the guard, make sure he's not noticing.",Persuasion
Perception,"That's a bit obvious. Is it obvious? It's once he's inside the area, so it's not like the wall on the outside. Okay. I was picturing all the plants suddenly losing their shit. No, just the ones in the immediate vicinity. Like a used car lot? Okay, so he's going to attempt to make a strength saving throw. I'm going to squat at the edge of the high crops and keep an eye on the other guard who was walking off just to make sure he's oblivious.",Perception
Insight,"Other people haven't seen me. You like a good surprise, right, Horace? ""Yeah?"" Yeah. I thought you might. Here's my have you seen my cousin Zanror? Is he in the city? ""Probably, aye."" Right. And what about Kevdak? ""Kevdak stays in the city, as well. Up at the old Margrave's place, actually. Turned it into ""his palace. Want me to take you?"" Before we go any further, what do I roll if I want to find out if Horace really does like surprises? I'm not kidding.",Insight
Stealth,"if I want to find out if Horace really does like surprises? I'm not kidding. Make an insight check. All of you guys are still hidden, by the way, unless you want to do something. No, I'm just watching. And we gained another plus ten, so now we have plus 20 to all of our stealth, by the way, from that Hide in Plain Sight. Wait, what? We have Pass Without a Trace, which adds plus ten, Hide in Plain Sight adds plus ten. That's what I camouflaged us fucking for. How do you have all these things?",Stealth
Stealth,"game. Apparently, the shirt link wasn't working earlier, it is working now. They got it functional, so go ahead and hop on now while you can. Returning from the break, as Grog and Scanlan sit, waiting to hear back from the rest of the team, traversing over towards Westruun, seeking information in their mist forms. The two of you remain behind. The four of you guys who are in mist form, where are you going? Can we stealthily head towards a pocket of people? Do we see a crowd of people being held? This is your mist form? This is my mist form. Ocean. I like it. I'd like you guys to make",Stealth
Stealth,"earlier, it is working now. They got it functional, so go ahead and hop on now while you can. Returning from the break, as Grog and Scanlan sit, waiting to hear back from the rest of the team, traversing over towards Westruun, seeking information in their mist forms. The two of you remain behind. The four of you guys who are in mist form, where are you going? Can we stealthily head towards a pocket of people? Do we see a crowd of people being held? This is your mist form? This is my mist form. Ocean. I like it. I'd like you guys to make stealth checks.",Stealth
Perception,"slapped over. You can see what looks to be some sort of strings adorning edges of it, like decoration. You see, walking through this area, what looks to be 12 or 13 or so armed individuals of varying heights. Probably a good six or seven goliaths among them. Others appear to be human, half-orc, it's hard to make out the full details from this distance. They're all on the outskirts surrounding what was previously the Margrave's home. Now the homestead of Kevdak, seemingly. Can we see Kevdak anywhere? You have no idea what Kevdak looks like. I look for a bigger goliath than the rest, or one that looks older and bigger.",Investigation
Stealth,"to be entering or exiting. And the pace of those that are not of the herd that you see walking through the city has a feel of hopelessness, or at least their presence outdoors is more of function. They do what they're told, and if they're not, you've already seen what happens to them. Now what? Maybe stealth isn't-- maybe Grog's right-- we can't talk, can we? No, we're fucking clouds. Can we say go back to the-- Yeah, I'm gesturing to go. Get out. Yeah, let's go back.",Stealth
Insight,"""Only those proven worthy to feed me can carry me. And you, Grog--"" Grog, hand me the sword. (pained) No. On second thought, don't worry about it. It's clearly-- and I take it back-- it's not, it's just-- maybe I just need to see someone or talk to somebody. Clearly, I mean, you don't-- it's talking, you don't hear it, right? I don't hear it, but maybe if you handed it to me, I could. No, it's really heavy, too. And I sheathe it. Do I believe him?",Insight
Deception,"Grog, hand me the sword. (pained) No. On second thought, don't worry about it. It's clearly-- and I take it back-- it's not, it's just-- maybe I just need to see someone or talk to somebody. Clearly, I mean, you don't-- it's talking, you don't hear it, right? I don't hear it, but maybe if you handed it to me, I could. No, it's really heavy, too. And I sheathe it. Do I believe him? Make an insight check. Not good.",Insight
Arcana,"(laughing) Oh boy. Right, so, look, you know. We should not tell the others about this. This is very strange. Yeah! They might freak out. Right! I'm going to ask about this. When next we see Pike, I'll ask her about it. Yeah. Find out if it's good or bad or neutral. Because I don't know anything about this. Right, I don't know anything about this?",Arcana
Stealth,"Hey, like 100 yards out. I just want to hear what they're saying. All right, all right. She can read lips so she doesn't even get that close. It's pretty dark, though. But I do have good darkvision. This is true. As the night takes over, it's still quite a distance to be able to make out a lot of detail. You'd probably have to get closer. But you're going alone? No, twins. Twins going together? Yeah.",Perception
Performance,"Elowen? Elowen. I'd rather go talk to her. I'm pretty sure, let me check my notes. Yeah, Elowen. Elowen Brist. Do you guys want to just come on in? Yes, let's go in. I don't see what the harm is. We go in. Make a nice, pleasant chattering-- maybe you should sing, Scanlan, as you approach so that people know we're nice I would love to sing. Oh. Right now? (singing) Sunny days, chasing the dragons away, On our way to where the air is clean, Can you tell me how to kill, How to kill some drag-eens?",Performance
Performance,"I'm pretty sure, let me check my notes. Yeah, Elowen. Elowen Brist. Do you guys want to just come on in? Yes, let's go in. I don't see what the harm is. We go in. Make a nice, pleasant chattering-- maybe you should sing, Scanlan, as you approach so that people know we're nice I would love to sing. Oh. Right now? (singing) Sunny days, chasing the dragons away, On our way to where the air is clean, Can you tell me how to kill, How to kill some drag-eens? Go ahead and roll a performance check.",Performance
Persuasion,"all looking at this source of singing. Crossbows-- (singing) It's a magic carpet ride. Except we burned our magic carpet so we can't-- (laughter) The guards slowly drop their crossbows. ""What's your business?"" Hey, hey, that's not necessary. We're friends. ""We've already got enough mouths to feed. Move along."" No, we're not looking for food. We're here to provide aid if we can, if it's in need, if people need our help.",Persuasion
Perception,"Hugs and hugs. Yeah. Warm, fuzzy. Trinket makes for a very good bed for one. Yes. I'm going to curl into the butt end, which is all I get. All I ever got while we were traveling. Yeah. He farts on you all the time. I fart on him all the time. It's just a fart exchange. Back and forth, forever. Bada-lang-lang-lang-lang-lang-lang-lang. (laughs) That got weird. Did you want to do anything for the evening? No.",Perception
Acrobatics,"goes limp as it begins to fall almost as fast as you are, as you both begin to plummet. I grab for it! And (hacking spit) as I'm grabbing for it. You can't fight the power of the one. Unfortunately, you don't have any momentum to go forward, and it's already coasted about 15, 20 feet away from you, and there's nowhere to swim. All the kids are like, ""Yay!"" Cheering, and all of a sudden you start falling, and they go (screaming). And starts yelling. Which child in the crowd is going to become Robin? I'm so excited. I want you to go ahead and roll an",Acrobatics
Insight,"got this. My abode, which is a relatively humble ""structure, two stories, bricks and dark wood, southeast of the town square, right by the ""fountain crossroads, I'm sure you've seen it before. Since this whole endeavor has happened, it ""has usurped a bit of progress in my experimentation, and I would be remiss if I didn't ""request your assistance in perhaps retrieving a very important piece of my collection so I might ""continue this research in this desolate place."" What are the subjects of your experimentation? ""Various things. I enjoy finding out the base elements of existence and life.""",Insight
Insight,"""structure, two stories, bricks and dark wood, southeast of the town square, right by the ""fountain crossroads, I'm sure you've seen it before. Since this whole endeavor has happened, it ""has usurped a bit of progress in my experimentation, and I would be remiss if I didn't ""request your assistance in perhaps retrieving a very important piece of my collection so I might ""continue this research in this desolate place."" What are the subjects of your experimentation? ""Various things. I enjoy finding out the base elements of existence and life."" Insight check.",Insight
Insight,"Coming to the Geek and Sundry store. All right. You guys make your Fellowship trek southward with the sweeping camera drone shot. I constantly keep an eye out for anything in the front of us and behind us. Thankfully, most of these fields, of varying degrees of grass height, but for the most part it's pretty wide vision of where you're heading. I paint pictures in the clouds as we go. Oh, that's good. That'll definitely not let anyone know magical people are on their way. Just point arrows in the opposite direction. Graffiti as we go.",Insight
Insight,"All right. You guys make your Fellowship trek southward with the sweeping camera drone shot. I constantly keep an eye out for anything in the front of us and behind us. Thankfully, most of these fields, of varying degrees of grass height, but for the most part it's pretty wide vision of where you're heading. I paint pictures in the clouds as we go. Oh, that's good. That'll definitely not let anyone know magical people are on their way. Just point arrows in the opposite direction. Graffiti as we go. Can I insight-check Vax?",Insight
Perception,"It's actually quite nice out here. This is like spring for me. Are your people-- Did you grow up in the cold? Yeah, we're pretty cool. Wow. Pressing in, as the temperature drops further and further, you occasionally come across a broken sunbeam that manages to penetrate aspects, different places in the canopy, and even stepping into those, they don't lend any change in temperature or warmth. The enchantment that surrounds this entire forest doesn't seem to be moved by such natural incursions. Everyone go",Perception
Investigation,"Grog touch it and see what happens. You guys approach, and as you're stepping through the snowfall, which right now is, for you, up to just past your knees, like the grass was. For Keyleth it's just up to your waist. Scanlan, you and Pike are both (grunting) like the dogs jumping through the snow that vanish with each leap as you're having to find your way through this heavy snowfall. Do you guys want a ride? Yes, please. I pick up each gnome on my shoulders. Thanks, Grog! No problem!",Investigation
Investigation,"Keyleth? What? Can you go lick that obelisk? Hell no. Why not? I know that one. But you should do it, Grog. I can't do it, just because of my elven abilities. It's our saliva, it doesn't work the same way. But you should try it, it's crazy. Keyleth, that was very clever. How far are we? You guys are about ten feet from it. I'm going to just look around it for any traps.",Investigation
Nature,"another large shape that is carved into it. Can I hold my hand up to the obelisk and just feel if there's any, like, heat radiating off of it? Sure. As you walk up to the edge of the obelisk and put your hand to it, no heat being radiated. I pull out the hunk of Quall again. Anything? Hold it closer to the symbol. It does not seem to be reacting to anything in the immediate vicinity. Man, somebody does not like sculptures. That-- Those aren't sculptures.",Perception
Nature,"A name is earned? A name is earned. Oh, no. And beneath it, there is what appears to be-- the other large carving you saw on it-- it looks like a triangle. A dark, recessed triangle that is just built beneath the text that tapers internally into a point. It is almost like a reverse pyramid on the inside. It is just an empty space that comes to a point. Oh, no. I think that there are basilisks nearby. Do I see any? I think these statues are victims.",Nature
Nature,"Oh, no. And beneath it, there is what appears to be-- the other large carving you saw on it-- it looks like a triangle. A dark, recessed triangle that is just built beneath the text that tapers internally into a point. It is almost like a reverse pyramid on the inside. It is just an empty space that comes to a point. Oh, no. I think that there are basilisks nearby. Do I see any? I think these statues are victims. Can I do a nature check? To see if I can see any signs of basilisks?",Nature
Perception,"And beneath it, there is what appears to be-- the other large carving you saw on it-- it looks like a triangle. A dark, recessed triangle that is just built beneath the text that tapers internally into a point. It is almost like a reverse pyramid on the inside. It is just an empty space that comes to a point. Oh, no. I think that there are basilisks nearby. Do I see any? I think these statues are victims. Can I do a nature check? To see if I can see any signs of basilisks? Sure. Make a nature check and",Nature
Perception,"is... first one is a 21. 21 hits. And second one is... 19? Hits. Third one is 16. Hits. These are not with Sharpshooter? No, not at all. So we've got ten, plus nine, plus ten. With that, your final dagger hits in the side of its rib cage, and the creature slumps over on the ground, letting out a horrible, gurgling hiss as it slowly dies amongst the mud. Daredevil. Was that all of them?",Stealth
Investigation,"Are you guys leaving? Wait, we need some basilisk blood and stuff! We got some! You're standing amongst the obelisk, a long series of mud with a bunch of mostly together stone statues of people and pieces of people around. Do we want to check the other building ruins? We didn't check those at all. There's a whole corner of a building over there. Sure. Well, go check it! I go look at it. Half-elves look at the building structure.",Investigation
Stealth,"Would you like to stay here while we fight the orcs, or could you walk us towards them and stay hidden? ""I don't want to stay here."" Then you come with us, and then you stay very, very hidden. ""I can do that. I can definitely do that."" When it's time, he can hide with the bear. Then a bear will be hiding with a mapmaker, or most of a mapmaker. We'll be fine. Let's go. ""All right."" While all of that happened, for the last ten minutes, can I stealth away for a little bit?",Stealth
Survival,"deal two points of damage to all of you as across your flesh being dragged through the bramble thicket. That's only your own self-loathing, Grizz, Jesus! Ow! I could use a writing utensil. Oh, that hurts. Until eventually Snizzler decides to rise up in frustration and take over the leader position. Jeez, all right, come on. Let me see. Here, take dick bone, that is the leader staff. All right, thank you. We got it from an old badger.",Survival
Perception,"No, no, no, look: the Snizz can do a lot of things. The Snizz does not swim. Not very confident in my swimming abilities. I'm not sure the Snizz can do a lot of things! (thunder) Oh, Zarongel smiles on us again, yay. As you guys glance from the flash-- Smite another tree, Zarongel! Sorry. It's okay. You see the bolt of lightning strike a distant watchtower on the far side of the city that has a rod specifically to pull these types of things out of the way. Stupid idea. Glancing over, I'll have you guys roll a",Perception
Survival,"The disembodied voice makes a good point, let's go in the sewer. (laughter) Right! Let's drown rather than be stabbed! How are we going to cross? Drowning is the way Zarongel would want us to go out. I thought you were going to build us some flotsam-floaty-flotsam. I'm really nervous about water. I like burning things. I can carry you, I'm strong. I want to look around and see if there's anything to add to this flotsam pile.",Survival
Survival,"I can carry you, I'm strong. I want to look around and see if there's anything to add to this flotsam pile. Sure, make a survival check. Can Snizzler and Mezek help me to-- Build a rough raft. Yeah, to build a rough raft. Seven. I roll as well. 17. MARISHA. What am I adding here? Don't I have good stuff for tinkering? Do you want to tinker? I think this is survival.",Survival
Stealth,"17. MARISHA. What am I adding here? Don't I have good stuff for tinkering? Do you want to tinker? I think this is survival. Oh, survival. Ten. But he rolled pretty good. Okay, it takes you guys the better part of about 30 minutes or so as you find things in the nearby edge of the woods. You start pulling up the bits of clay and sand that you were buried under as something caught your foot, and it was a bit pointy but you found a chunk of driftwood that looks to have made its way there. I would like you all",Stealth
Stealth,"merriment-making sound. On the direction of...? It sounds like drunken storytelling. Okay. So, at this point you guys watch as Grizznak spins around, points his staff forward, and quite a ways away you hear this boisterous (indistinct drunk storytelling) start blasting from the opposite side of the bridge, up near the rocks that begin to meet the base of the city's foundation. The footsteps shift and you hear them going across the wood planks above you on the bridge, in the direction that he set. Now is your time to go ahead and dart for the grate on the outside of the sewer. Go ahead and roll",Stealth
Stealth,"On the direction of...? It sounds like drunken storytelling. Okay. So, at this point you guys watch as Grizznak spins around, points his staff forward, and quite a ways away you hear this boisterous (indistinct drunk storytelling) start blasting from the opposite side of the bridge, up near the rocks that begin to meet the base of the city's foundation. The footsteps shift and you hear them going across the wood planks above you on the bridge, in the direction that he set. Now is your time to go ahead and dart for the grate on the outside of the sewer. Go ahead and roll stealth checks, all you guys.",Stealth
Perception,"things that might be useful or that can contain alcohol. Okay. Good to know. You guys step your way inside the sewer. The slick stone structure of it has lots of residue buildup from various minerals that have come through, as well as various degrees of wastewater that have found their way to the river. The smell is horrible for anyone but you guys. It's a familiar scent. As you make your way inside-- I'd say about 100 feet in as you're going through the darkness here-- but you guys can see fine in the dark, this is goblin speciality. Darkvision, guys. I check to see if there are any insects that are tasty-looking.",Investigation
Perception,"Wait, just to clarify, because I used my teeth, does that mean I ate poop to find the tunnel? Well, I hope you saved some for the rest of us! No, you had to smear it on your teeth a little. Pushing forward, you guys travel another 80 or so feet before you come onto a large series of waterfalls that run into a central open cesspool area that is down below this path. The actual path diverts and goes around this central tunnel before it continues in a singular direction as the water is pouring in. What do we see above?",Perception
Perception,"what little bit of light that is bouncing through from the surface and your goblin eyes catch this little glimmer in the corner and you glance over and instinctually run towards it. You go ahead and take a look. It's shiny. You find a hefty well-made human shortsword. Dibs. So it's a broadsword for you. Are you saying I'm small? I'm saying we're all small. Oh, right. What did you roll? What was the total on",Perception
Survival,"This marrow's real good. You guys are missing out. Pass me a rib. Is there any of the armor that any of us can fit? You could try and pull scrap from it if you wanted to try and scavenge pieces of the metal. If we pulled the two shoulder pieces off, could we maybe tie them together and wear them like an Eat at Joe's sign? Could certainly try that if you want to, yes. I'm going to give it a roll. Okay. I will say for this-- you know what,",Survival
Perception,"every time. There it is. 19. 19, okay. All righty, so as you go-- as you put your new shiny hat on and begin stepping forward across where the paths converge. You-- big, knees forward, stomping steps and you put your head forward and stop as there's a distortion in the air before you. And you breathe out, ""huh?"" and it (wobbling noise) quivers. Step aside, step aside! Grizznak the Great is here. Great. Let's get ready to be hit by lightning. Well. It looks like something wobbly, so it's probably magic.",Perception
Perception,"I'd say for that, go ahead and heal four points due to the rhythmic massage of Mezek's rough and tumble goblin hands. I would like to point out that you just healed me through a goblin shiatsu massage, that was amazing. Yes, yep that happened. With vomit-based massage oil! It's organic! Only the finest for you. I step up and I crack my back a little bit and okay. We're good to go. Let's do this. Do any of my flasks or jugs have any liquor in them?",Investigation
Perception,"runoff from some of the upper grate areas that are pouring in, it seems to be running to the edge. And you stumble a ways ahead before you find out that there, that drop-off that you noticed, you come up to it and it is indeed a drop-off. You glance down and the walkway you're at ends abruptly around a large cylindrical cistern-type chamber. Probably a good 80 feet across and about 80 feet down, further than your vision can really see. You don't see a bottom of it. You see (water falling). What does the loogie tell me? You spit out the loogie. Make a perception check.",Perception
Perception,"tunnel. No, no, no. Piglet managed to grab the very back of Grizznak and pull him back up. Damn, guys. We're badasses, just like we practiced. Good work. Grizznak, you're really frustrated because you swear you were this close to seeing when that thing would drop before you got pulled up. Guys, what's the big deal? I was almost there. I almost saw it. Oh, hi. No more saving you. I have an alternate plan. What if I throw one of you across to the other side? Hmm. I have another alternate alternate plan. I look to see if there is any way to climb up.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"20! A natural 20? 23 all together. It's the Golden Snitch, man. Don't fuck with the Golden Snitch. So you take this tiny goblin, lick your grimy finger, feel the wind, point Sir Ruth style and shotput. Snizzler arcs forward, much farther than you expected. Overward, you see in the distance-- rope not attached, by the way. You guys, it's beautiful from up here. Over. It comes up and you can see, you may or may not be close enough to the ledge, oh god, it's right there before you. Go ahead and make an",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"12. Oh no. Wait, is it song time? Is it song time? Song time. Sing your song. What? Am I falling now? It's up to you. If you want to let it go. You can sing your song and go for a reroll. I guess it's song time. As I'm still soaring, in my tiny voice, I say (sing) Snizzler, zazzlers, sizzler, zaz. Eyebrows this goblin once had. My bombs go boom, they never miss. Hi Homeland Security, because now I'm on the watchlist. It's funny because it's true. Yes. Yes, it is.",Persuasion
Perception,"This is totally logical. If it were church people, they drink a lot, so it should light up. Like the finest of candles, it does catch fire and begins to burn slowly. It's not dry enough to catch-- we're having this conversation. No, I'm really excited that this is a thing that's happening right now. It would need to be suitably dried out to work as proper fuel, but-- Definitely lots of alcohol, lots of drugs, yeah. I start packaging up some of the poop. All right. I look for any sort of egress.",Investigation
Perception,"I look for any sort of egress. Make a perception check. Same. Why not, I'll do it too. 16. Eight. 18. All right. While you're collecting your filthy prize, both Piglet and Grizznek, you guys look up and notice that there is a wooden or stone ceiling, but a singular opening above you. Like a circular hole. First, I would like to listen to see if there's any stinky, stupid humans upstairs.",Perception
Stealth,"can go scout it out. Right, Browntooth? If it keeps you from blowing things up, and you setting anything on fire. Right, I climb up and go out the outhouse to stealthily move into the street. All righty. So, as you-- Wait, wait, wait. I'm also going to cast Penumbra on him. Okay. So, Penumbra, it basically puts a permanent shadow on him. Oh. I thought it gave me a number from before. (laughs)",Perception
Survival,"All right. As you stumble into the shady alley, looking about, you glance over the side of the window real fast into the tavern, and you do see there are probably a dozen patrons in there. Some drinks being served, a guard at the door on the inside. However, looking to your left, there the alleyway spills out into a main street thoroughfare, and you can see people walking by, families with children. There's a general air of jovial energy to it, and some people are wearing flower crowns on their heads. You can see carts being put along the street. Seems like the festival you were told of, this terrible, human festival seems to be in full swing. Go ahead and",Survival
Perception,"town, fish is a big export here. And the alleyways that you came out of? There is a second alleyway that offshoots from where the outhouse is that goes between the buildings off the main thoroughfare. This is what you're able to gauge in your time out here. I go back and tell them what I've seen. So everybody's going that way. We should probably go-- That way? That way. That way! Maybe if we get on each others' shoulders with a coat, we'll look like peoples!",Stealth
Perception,"14. You glance over the window and look inside. One of the bar patrons, sitting by the bar, is this rotund-looking gentleman in his late 40s. Balding hair, a double chin, leaned forward on the bar, looking like he's ready to pass out from the amount of alcohol he's been drinking. He is in the inside of the tavern. He has a very long coat that drapes past the bar. We got to do it! There's no alternative! There is an alternative! There's the little alleyway! No alternative! This is what we're doing. How many patrons are there? Do I get to know from",Perception
Perception,"There is an alternative! There's the little alleyway! No alternative! This is what we're doing. How many patrons are there? Do I get to know from my perception check? Glancing in there, you see probably ten patrons altogether. I look around. Do I see anything that looks like a children's clothing store? Maybe two of us can be a child and three of us can be an adult. If each one of us is a leg, and we're three goblins tall, that's six feet. Okay, yeah, no, you're right, Grizz.",Perception
Sleight of Hand,"side of us to try and knock it over. Mezek, you pull out your goblin jag star, which is essentially the equivalent of a shuriken, but it's carved out of pieces of odd, rusted metal that had been tied together. It's more of a cluster of broken whatever you found from a wagon wheel that was busted weeks ago, but you throw it as a ranged weapon. Roll an attack. That's 20. 20. A bottle shatters and sprays across the back of the barkeep who's like, ""Hey, what the ""hell is that?!"" Grab it! He seems currently distracted. The three of",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"So 11, then. 28. 19. Okay, you're all above a ten with two high rolls, that's good. You all leap up real fast, grab his coat, and pull it off of him before anyone seems to notice. I want to see if he's got anything on his belt like a pouch or anything like that. You glance, and there is a belt pouch there. I want to make a stab at grabbing and ripping it off. Don't get greedy!",Sleight of Hand
Stealth,"I want to make a stab at grabbing and ripping it off. Don't get greedy! Roll another sleight of hand check. We're goblins  of course be greedy! What am I rolling? This is another sleight of hand. 15. 15. Okay! You snatch it and all of a sudden you hear a voice from the front door go, ""Hey, ""what's that? I saw something! Is someone trying to steal from Zed?!"" You hear footsteps as somebody begins walking over to where he was right now. Go! We run?",Stealth
Perception,"Five. Five. One leg, whoa, goes forward, and you stumble and take a knee like you're kneeling in the middle of the street. And the man who holds the drink goes-- Kids, I want to talk to you about safe sex. I am reflecting upon the glory that is this most holy day-- Stop talking! ""Oh, you're one of them church types. Never mind."" And the guy stumbles off. At this point, you see the crowd starting to hush a little and gather towards-- Hup!",Persuasion
Stealth,"Thursday night. It's a nice Sunday night right there. Top of the round. All of them charge into the square as the rest scattered. Bring this in here. Browntooth, you're up first. I look for some place to hide and head there as quickly as possible. Closest place to hide here would be behind this cart or behind the platform. Where are the attacking people? They're right here. Ah! There they are. I get behind the platform. You duck around here. Go ahead and roll a",Stealth
Stealth,"The cleric. Go ahead and roll for attack. Ooh! 17 plus nine. 25. Yeah, that definitely hits. Go ahead and roll damage with additional 2d6 sneak attack damage. Should I do them all at once? Yeah, do them all at once. (grunts) Seven. Seven points of damage to the cleric. The bolt strikes the back of the cleric's lower torso, the kidney area and she goes (grunts) and almost drops the holy symbol, catching it in the middle",Athletics
Stealth,"I can't reach him, can I? Can I shoot him? Everyone else is dead, so you can get closer. Oh, that's true. You can move this way. I'll move up to the wizard. You can get there and see him off to the side. He's flanked, also. Why didn't you run, wizard? Am I flanking him? Roll a stealth to see if he sees you. He does not. He is so distracted with all his dead friends and being on fire, there's no way he can",Stealth
Sleight of Hand,"etched into it. What does it say at the bottom there? You can do a rubbing on the front. It says ""How do you want to do this?"" But again, if you want to go full Gilmore, we have the Masterworks box, which is freaking gorgeous. The dice go in here, the Bluetooth is hidden in there. Bluetooth?! You'll never lose your shit. And then all your cards go there. Put your weed in there. You're not supposed to just come out and say it.",Sleight of Hand
Deception,"What? No, don't-- I take it back and I give another dagger to him. I give him the Keen Dagger and say, hold this. It's a loner. It's very sharp. Be careful with it, all right? If you get caught on your own, stab. That's all you got to do, is stab. Stab the other person, not yourself. His eyes don't leave the blade and he goes, ""Okay."" Don't accidentally stab yourself because I think it sucks your life energy out of you. That is not what that does. Yes it does, it definitely sucks your life.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"with it, all right? If you get caught on your own, stab. That's all you got to do, is stab. Stab the other person, not yourself. His eyes don't leave the blade and he goes, ""Okay."" Don't accidentally stab yourself because I think it sucks your life energy out of you. That is not what that does. Yes it does, it definitely sucks your life. Make a deception check. At a disadvantage since I contradicted her? 25.",Persuasion
Perception,"Vax, just because he's holding a dagger doesn't mean he's going to be successful at using it. What? You're wasting your time-- never mind. Hold on to it. ""Okay."" As you guys start walking, his eyes don't leave the blade as he takes each step and (whoosh). And then as he walks away, it poofs back into his fucking belt. No, it doesn't. All right, so we head towards the outcropping that looks like a gorilla's face. Okay, so I'll have you guys all roll a",Persuasion
Perception,"doesn't mean he's going to be successful at using it. What? You're wasting your time-- never mind. Hold on to it. ""Okay."" As you guys start walking, his eyes don't leave the blade as he takes each step and (whoosh). And then as he walks away, it poofs back into his fucking belt. No, it doesn't. All right, so we head towards the outcropping that looks like a gorilla's face. Okay, so I'll have you guys all roll a perception check, if you could.",Perception
Stealth,"I'm going to go, actually, right over here. I'm going to hide over here and I'm going to try and get a bead on the guy on the tree. Okay, easy enough. You get a bead on him, in the outskirts there. Pike and I will go with Vax. Oh, she's not a good sneaker. Oh no, you're right, she should stay put. You're right. You're going to be right there. Charge in after the distraction. So Grog, where are you going? I'll go with Vax. Vax? All right, so you make your way around.",Stealth
Stealth,"That wasn't you guys. Like right there? Okay! Wasn't me! It's all I care about! All right. This is the most Douglas Adams beginning of a fight ever. One dryad dies a horrible screaming death. (screams) And the other one you hear is breathing heavily from the inside right now. Keyleth is standing at the edge of the forest going-- At which point, a bunch of the orcs turn around. I need both of you guys to-- let's see, because they're making active perception. What was",Perception
Deception,"but didn't quite take away from the moment that you just got to enjoy. I took eight points of damage? Nine points of piercing damage. All right, that ends that orc's turn. This one, the one that seems more decorated with the gem-encrusted headband runs out and starts shouting orders. Did the two that were on me attack? He's going to come forward and begin to attempt to attack your orb as well. All three strike at the orb, trying to cut through. Can I act like they're hurting me? If you want to. Ugh! Ah! Ooh! Oh!",Athletics
Acrobatics,"collapsing into one of the campfires and it begins to burn. Sorry, sweetheart. And I feel the dagger go-- Yep, to the side of your Blinkback Belt. All right, do you want to stay right there? You have more movement if you want to use it. How much left? Like five or ten? Three more squares, 15 feet. I'm going to walk up right up next to Keyleth in front of the bear. One, can I go diagonally? Through the fire, you can if you want to. Yeah, yeah.",Acrobatics
Intimidation,"Keyleth's currently grappling, and you guys all turn around and you can see now, there is the other tent still filled with people. The other two here disappear into the mansion's doorway. (rock voice) Grog. Oh, sweet, yeah, hold on. You hold one end, I'll hold the other. Wait. No, that might be something-- never mind. And I take out Craven Edge. I walk up to the orc that she's holding. And I put him in a nice little sleeper hold. Yeah, look, mate. So unless you want to bleed or lose the head that's attached to your body, are there more of you around these parts?",Intimidation
Stealth,"bed, swing by on a broom or something. I like it. I'll hop on the broom. Okay. Wait, check it out and then? Your door is stationary, though, right? The door is stationary, the door is on the outside of this camp. But everybody inside's safe. Yeah. Do it. Can I stealth in the air? Not really. Can I wrap myself in like my-- What? Aluminum foil?",Stealth
Perception,"I'll Polymorph. Polymorph. You follow her as a crow. And I perch on her shoulder. (crow sounds) (unnervingly realistic crow noises) Thank you! That's so creepy. (unnervingly realistic crow noises) Perfect. Wow. Thank you. So as you continue cresting over the top of the tree ridge, heading towards the direction that Keyleth points out to you, you guys swoop down. As the treeline comes to an end, the snow begins to subside and you reach the base of the Stormpeak.",Perception
Perception,"hit ceiling. Ow! And coast down and you land harshly, taking three points of damage in your crow form as you hit and land and tumble down a few stairs. Ooh, stairs. At that point, you're in complete darkness right now, you can see a faint distant bit of light that's barely creeping in from the entrance you came from. Around you, though, nothing. I'll break form and come back as Scanlan. Okay. You come back as a gnome. Now your darkvision kicks in and indeed you can see there is a smoothly carved tunnel overhead that descends",Perception
Insight,"Right, the hunger. ""It's all there is, is the hunger."" But look, we did really good today. So I'm not going to go to sleep, I'm going to carry this over the next day, I want to see how hard we can push this. ""So close to being full."" You're close to being full? Hold on, how many more lives do you need? ""I'm close."" Do you know, do you know what happens when you get full? Like, do you get bigger? Do I get stronger? ""Feed me and you'll find out."" Oh boy.",Insight
Insight,"I need to comb it after you use it. Sand pit? I have a bedroom for you. What? There's a training area downstairs just for me. Oh Grog, you have your own bedroom upstairs. It's got a giant-sized bed in it. I haven't been using it. Oh, for crying-- I spent minutes thinking about conjuring that. Grog, you did sleep last night, right? Yep. Yeah, I mean, like, I had my way with a few of those imaginary friends, because, man. No. It was good. Good sleep. Real, a little sore in my back.",Insight
Insight,"Sand pit? I have a bedroom for you. What? There's a training area downstairs just for me. Oh Grog, you have your own bedroom upstairs. It's got a giant-sized bed in it. I haven't been using it. Oh, for crying-- I spent minutes thinking about conjuring that. Grog, you did sleep last night, right? Yep. Yeah, I mean, like, I had my way with a few of those imaginary friends, because, man. No. It was good. Good sleep. Real, a little sore in my back. I'm going to make an insight check on Grog.",Insight
Perception,"The Frostweald. Frostweald? Frostwold? Frost-vield. What is wrong with-- Frost-vield. Frost-Willem Dafoe. Sig-il. I will smite you. Jif. Jif. God damn it, you beat me to it. All right. You guys continue to head south, eventually following the path that you lead along with Keyleth's directional-- I keep an eye out for any enemies along the way.",Perception
Investigation,"had found the evening before. There before you, you guys see the 30-foot-tall triangular entrance to this passageway deeper into the mountain itself. So this is the place. Technically, Scanlan flew in, so I don't think he had to check for traps. I did not check for traps, I just flew in, but perhaps we should this time. Lead me in as far as you went. If you'll check for traps. Yeah. Where you flew over, yeah. Yes, let's do it. In the entrance and down those stairs. All right. So go ahead and make an",Investigation
Investigation,"So this is the place. Technically, Scanlan flew in, so I don't think he had to check for traps. I did not check for traps, I just flew in, but perhaps we should this time. Lead me in as far as you went. If you'll check for traps. Yeah. Where you flew over, yeah. Yes, let's do it. In the entrance and down those stairs. All right. So go ahead and make an investigation check. 20. No, 17. 17. I will also check for traps.",Investigation
Investigation,"water-like movement, and as you hit the bottom of the stairway and it evens out into these square stone tiles across the way, you see ahead of you what looks to be a singular circular room with no exits from what you can tell at this point. Just a circular room that loops around, and in the center there is a ten-foot pool of a still, somewhat still surface of water. There is a little bit of movement because there is some sort of a cold breeze that was ejecting out of the tunnel, but there is no real source of the wind that you can pick up at the moment. Can I investigate the walls? Did you already check for traps in this room?",Investigation
Perception,"""Knowledge dost billow, all realms are the shore. The sky a window, the water a door."" Yep. So in this room, it's a circle, what's the distance across the room? It's about 30 feet across on a side. Oh, so it's not that big. And it's a ten-foot pool. No, it's a pretty tight space. And there's solid flooring and then the pool in the middle. Yeah, in the middle, so you move around. So a ten-foot walkway around it. Can I get on the broom? And fly up above the pool of water and look down into it?",Perception
Perception,"Two? Okay. Yours is five, right? For the constitution modifier? Oh, sorry, no, I'm being a dickhole. It is five, yeah. Yeah, so you can hold your breath for five minutes. Five minutes! Is that however long your-- Yeah, one minute per constitution modifier. For you it's two. Interesting. After you've landed here, you're about 30 seconds in, looking around, Grog's there. How far does the tunnel look?",Persuasion
Investigation,"darkvision, you look around and you see what appears to be a smooth, marble stone floor, very intricately carved, with four pillars surrounding the exit of the pool that you guys came out of. You can see on each of these pillars, facing inward, or not inward, sorry, facing outward of these pillars, what looks to be these stone lion heads. They each face outward. The chamber is also circular, but much larger, it's actually 60 feet across, from the 30 feet of the first chamber you came to. Right where we are, I'm going to take my Flametongue dagger and go in a circle and detect traps. Detect some traps.",Investigation
Investigation,"beautifully painted image shows flames twisting and writhing in an arced pattern that then twist into broken rock and soil and earth and mountains that then break once again, sinking into an angry ocean, and that ocean then begins to rise into clouds into the sky, those clouds then dissipating and turning into raw flame and continuing the loop. It's the water cycle. Elements. In the center of this loop, there is a single dark hole in the ceiling. I'm flying, so I'm up near it. Can I investigate it?",Perception
Religion,"understand with your knowledge of Draconic, however that is the base root of this writing, as ancient as it is. Pike? Does this mean anything to you? By the way, Matt, I rolled my second natural one of the night for my intelligence check. Okay. You have no idea what this is about, yeah. I'm trying to get water out of my ear. Pike's looking up and says, ""This is beyond me, this is very old."" Does this harken back to anything that we remember about the telling of the Spark, or the Second Spark?",Religion
Investigation,"""out of that chaos when the gods came, just like we were told at the Platinum Sanctuary. That's what ""you told me you found there."" All of the elemental realms overlap, which create our realm. Which is why there's gateways. Can I walk over to one of the pillars? Yeah. Is it covered with anything? They're all the same, and they all have that giant gold stone lion head facing outward from each of the pillars. Is there writing or anything fancy on the pillar?",Investigation
Athletics,"I'm okay. Well I go down and I grab Pike then and I go up on the broom. Okay. Pike goes, ""Thank you!"" You grab her and she holds onto the edge of the broom and you guys make it up that way. No, since the hole is just small enough where you pretty much have to go through single-file, so nobody else can climb while you're doing that. You guys go through, who's coming up first? I'm flying. You fly up after them. Who's going up first? I'll go up next.",Athletics
Athletics,"19, okay. Making your way up. It's a long pull. I'm going to Batman. All right. Who's up next? I'd like to use acrobatics to ignore the rope and use the sides of this little tunnel to do that going up. Okay, okay, go ahead and do that. That is 25. 25, okay, that keeps you going. So you guys get up a third of the way, who's after you? I guess I'm climbing the rope. There's a rope, yes? Climbing that rope.",Athletics
Athletics,"13. 23. 23. You guys make it up two-thirds of the pathway, now. You can see now the sand has reached the bottom, and at this point, you guys who made it up to the top, you look up as you notice part of the stonework above goes (fwsh) and sand begins to now fall directly on top of you guys, pushing past you. I need you guys to make one more check, with disadvantage because of the sand, because that was what the time limit was going to do. It's gone, it's gone! As soon as the timer went out, that was when the top one went boom, and capped off the top.",Perception
Investigation,"do. Jeez, it would've been better if we would've just gone up the hole. Yeah. Fuck, I've never rolled that well in my life. That was the time to do it, man. So you guys now see there is a long stone brick hallway before you. It's solid behind you, with a little bit of sand that's now coasted from the corner after Pike had diverted it briefly. Beyond the way, about 30 feet ahead of you, you see two metallic doors that are closed. Traps, I'm looking for traps.",Investigation
Perception,"able to really see it. Is it the exact same in both doors? Yes. Not a mirror image, not one blue one green? No, it is the exact same. Okay. Should we open a door? Well, do you want to bust out those Ioun stones you have? Maybe there's a clue in here. You also have your Ioun stones. Yeah, but what's that going to do? In the walls and in the floors and in the ceiling, is it just the same marble and stone, are there any porous openings or--?",Investigation
Stealth,"All right. I'm a little better at being invisible, but go for it. Which door? Both of them. Both doors (creak) open. You look into what appears to be a, from what you can see, because there is a very, very faint bit of light emanating from his dagger, but beyond that it is pitch darkness. Percy is the one who cannot see. What do you see, Percy? I see a door that I have conquered. (laughter) That was good. It was great. Do I need to make another",Investigation
Perception,"All right, so I'm going to-- Just stay back, there's no point in all of us getting with something. And I move 20 feet ahead of everybody. You move 20 feet ahead. You enter the room and you can see this chamber is square in size, but it is divided, it seems to be in three halls. There's a path to the right, a path to the left, and a path ahead of you. You can't quite see all the way past, the hallway continues to the very edge of your visual range once you enter the chamber. However, what you can see is to the right and left of you parts of the wall have collapsed, like there's piles of rubbles and stone and earth.",Investigation
Investigation,"sort of divot or bowl on the ground. I think you can all come in. Quietly. I walk up next to him. Oh yeah, I see what you're talking about. Yeah. Upon hearing this, Keyleth drops to her knees and does a Locate Creature. Do I sense any spiders? You actually do not sense any spiders. I think we're good on spiders. This thread is silk, isn't it? It's actual material. I'm not going to touch it. Conscious of the creation of air currents, I'm going to gingerly put on my mask so that my breath does not move things, and examine.",Investigation
Perception,"That's okay. Is there any way to cross the room without touching the web? Yeah. Essentially, it's a 15, 20-foot wide thing, the web only starts about partway and encompasses the side of it. And is there anything behind the webs? Just rubble? Behind the webs, the hallway continues and then ends and then continues right. It's almost like it's a square room that has walls here that split it into three different passages and they all converge again on the opposite side. Can we see all the way to the end?",Perception
Investigation,"I push Scanlan a bit up ahead of me. So this is going over the firepit, past the wispy-- Yeah, there's all the stuff on the sides and the central room has that pit. Hold your breath as you pass the wispy wisps, I don't trust them. Get that silver tongue of yours ready, all right? I don't think anything's going to want to talk to us down here. Can we look at the ground for (laughs) for traps as we're walking? Any squares that might move?",Investigation
Investigation,"Fucking Dwarven Forge, man. All right, so that brings us to 15 to ten? 14. Grog. Anyone else? Seven. Oh, and Pike is actually before Grog. All right. Percy, you're up first. He hasn't attacked us. What is his name, Percy? Atreyu. I hate you. I'm going to pull back to the water pit to my right. Oh, to my left, sorry. I'm going to pull back to that water pit. I'm going to examine it.",Athletics
Religion,"And I shout out, Pike, do you know the names of the four ancient gods? Is your name four? That's stupid. There doesn't seem to be a reaction. Pike goes, ""No, I mean, the gods that were at the ""beginning, there's--"" Yeah? ""There was Pelor and Melora and, I mean, they're the ones who cast away the elements, the ""chaos that this realm was first. I don't know!"" And she seems-- she's bungled and unable to really formulate what you're asking. I wouldn't have any religion, anything to base that off of?",Religion
Investigation,"roll damage. That's 13 points of damage. Okay. You cut through some of the threads, it limps on one side, but it's still keeping itself aloft. 19. All right, that hits, go ahead and roll damage. Ooh. 15 points of damage. 15 points of damage. All right. With that, the second strike, the thread dissipates and turns into smoke and vanishes from existence. None of the threads remain, it vanishes. Is there anything written on the wall?",Athletics
Perception,"time. You know what? It doesn't specify. I'll say go ahead. It starts at the top of the initiative round, so you know what? Vex, your turn, go for it. Go for it. Doesn't specify, I could be a dick about it, but you know. I take back my glare. It's more fun to not have your turn lost. There was a time jump so the glare never happened. What you got? Can I look up at the ceilings and see if there's any portals on the top of the ceiling like there were in the last room?",Athletics
Persuasion,"Is that stupid? (laughs anxiously) No! It's not stupid! Okay, okay. Then I reach into the Bag of Holding and I get out Grog's cask of ale. Okay. And--? And what do you do with it? Okay. I pour a little in his mouth. Just a little bit, so he doesn't choke. (laughing) You reach over and you grab the edge of his beard and pull his mouth open, it's hanging limply. You pull off the cork of the cask and begin pouring it and it spills down the side into the snow, darkening it on the sides of his head. I turn his head so he doesn't drown in it.",Persuasion
Religion,"Okay. The ale seems to slide back into the throat and find its way in towards the stomach. There is no swallowing motion whatsoever, but it appears that at least it's not drowning him or blocking his airway. You're clutching onto the spirit here. You only have a few moments left before the magic is lost. Who wishes to-- While that's going on I walk off 30 feet away and I fall to my knees on the ground facing away. I know you are not what I want. But you are what we need. And I will put aside my reservations and serve you. It is too soon for him, we need him. He is needed. I will set aside my reservations and serve you. Please.",Religion
Arcana,"But I can't help again? If you wish to do your own thing, you can. Just for extra, yeah. The sword seems to want power and strength. I don't know if it will help, but maybe if we gave Grog some extra strength it might help him to come back, so. I have a Potion of Fire Giant Strength. I could cast an Enhance Ability spell. He has no abilities now, though. That's true. So I'm going to pour this Potion of Fire Giant Strength into his gullet. Okay. Hope it gives him some sort of strength.",Arcana
Insight,"grip, head beet-red as you notice that your thumbs are pressed into his larynx. No, no. No. (clears throat) What'd you do to me? (gasps) Nothing. What the fuck is that sword, Grog? Gave you some ale. What's with you and gnomes today, man? I like gnomes, I don't know! What? Why am I down here? Are we sure it's him? Scanlan? Percy? Percy, are we sure? Nope! I'm not sure. I'll do a perception check to see if it's--",Perception
Insight,"No, no. No. (clears throat) What'd you do to me? (gasps) Nothing. What the fuck is that sword, Grog? Gave you some ale. What's with you and gnomes today, man? I like gnomes, I don't know! What? Why am I down here? Are we sure it's him? Scanlan? Percy? Percy, are we sure? Nope! I'm not sure. I'll do a perception check to see if it's-- Can I also do an insight check? Can I assist him or make an insight as well?",Insight
Survival,"don't know about, you can always go to people with those abilities and be like, could you see what the fuck this does? Do any of our people have Identify? Negative. It's like a wizard thing. I didn't even know people could do that. Allura or Gilmore could probably do that for you. Don't act like you know for sure. (laughter) I know about Gilmore. Such a twinsies. Aw, so good. All right, so. You guys start heading northward, you're leading then, Vex? Make",Survival
Stealth,"thing we do. Yeah, only if it's close, otherwise I'm good to go back to Westruun. Only if the lake was close, I don't know where it is. Are you in a hurry to talk to Dad? Oh. We don't have to stop there, that's fine. Maybe later. I mean, do you need to talk to Dad? No. We do not need to talk to Dad. Let's go to Westruun! Westruun it is! Sore spot. Continuing pushing forward, I'd like you all",Stealth
Stealth,"We're keeping a good distance, as we get closer, so it lasts, I cast Pass Without a Trace on us. We have that really nice high grass, right? It was like waist-high or so. Not like cornstalk high. There were areas where there was, like during the thick farmland, there are areas where they have high-stalk. I'd like to stay there, I'd like to stay in those areas. Okay, so you'll be pretty much dodging from farmland to farmland, on the outside. I need you",Stealth
Perception,"19. Oh. 29. 24. 33. 30. 32. 23. 20. All right. We're quiet. He rolled anyway. All right, as you guys leap into the high grass, moving around the outside of Westruun, eyes peeled, as the sun sets and the night kicks in, you try your best to watch for any patrols that",Stealth
Stealth,"Reggie. Reginald, sorry. Can we sneak there, can Vax sneak there? What was the man's name who we killed? Oh, that you killed? Horace. No no no, the goliath. Horace. Vax, can you go get Horace's head? Okay, that's a good idea. Yeah, I can get that. I take that back, that's a great idea. I don't know why, but I can get that. So you're heading forward to do that? I rolled a better stealth than him, though.",Stealth
Perception,"Oh, that's so much better! No, it's good. 39. 39, okay. So as you guys wait in the back, staying low to the grass, you watch as Vax dives into the field and vanishes. You, darting in a forward way, find your way to the outside of the initial crop-grid. There does not appear to be any guards that are watching this property. You recall the various avenues you guys utilized in systematically making your way from path to path. It takes you a few minutes, but you manage to find an area that looks familiar enough where you find your way into the center of one of the crop lanes where the corpse of Horace recently was. Roll a",Survival
Survival,"guards that are watching this property. You recall the various avenues you guys utilized in systematically making your way from path to path. It takes you a few minutes, but you manage to find an area that looks familiar enough where you find your way into the center of one of the crop lanes where the corpse of Horace recently was. Roll a perception check. 27. 27. You get there and you glance about. But the body's gone. Fuck. Body's not there, it's taken. You start following the trail, you see where maybe it was",Survival
Survival,"the various avenues you guys utilized in systematically making your way from path to path. It takes you a few minutes, but you manage to find an area that looks familiar enough where you find your way into the center of one of the crop lanes where the corpse of Horace recently was. Roll a perception check. 27. 27. You get there and you glance about. But the body's gone. Fuck. Body's not there, it's taken. You start following the trail, you see where maybe it was dragged off. Make a survival roll.",Survival
Stealth,"pecked apart body of Reginald, who apparently suffered the brunt of the discovery of Horace's corpse in the time that has transpired since you last left Westruun. Do I sense anything around? At the moment? No. The patrol's probably a good ten minutes before it's seeming, because it's headed in the direction where you are but you don't know, probably take ten or 15 minutes before they reach where you are. I'm going to stealth up to the body. Cut him down. Okay. Cut the ropes off, he slumps down. I shoulder him back to the group.",Stealth
Stealth,"two hours. Uh-huh, and I can concentrate on a 40-square-foot for ten minutes. And each ten minutes I can change it. If you're doing a 40-foot square it could be like 20 feet lower for every 40-foot square you can do, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So real deep. Okay. So we'll say over the two-hour period you could create, for a 40-foot square, like a hundred feet deep, 120 feet deep-- I want to make sure it's wide enough to cover the whole entrance as well. The whole entrance? Okay. So you dig",Stealth
Stealth,"rugged-looking, possibly members of the secondary tribe that they adopted, as was mentioned when you first inquired about the tribe as it currently stands, the Herd. They're all just looking out, bored, one of them is chewing on some dried meat, and they're just keeping an eye out. Scanlan, you've gone invisible and you're approaching the front gate. What are you doing? Hey, can you cast Pass Without a Trace on me? I already did! Okay, good. I'm just going to walk in, straight into town. Okay. Yeah. Just for the sake of this, go",Stealth
Perception,"been set. Some of them, you do notice as you pass by, large elements of the buildings have just dissolved, melted down by some sort of chemical reaction. Many buildings still stand. You do see that there are broken barrels and crates in the streets, it looks like a lot of what may have been in storage or being brought around as commerce has been ransacked and raided or relocated. You do see a couple carts that are half-broken or just up on the side, with whatever's on the inside pulled out. You do manage to see a couple of horses that were killed during some altercation that were just left rotting in the middle of the street. There are no people visible on the street. Make a",Perception
Stealth,"I'm gonna take a minute to-- anybody standing near me, I'm gonna take a minute and use, um... Where's my thing? I'm freaking out! Hide in plain sight? All righty. And make it to where we can set a surprise attack on them. Okay. Anybody coming out. All right. All right. So, as part of that, I'll have you guys",Stealth
Perception,"or in the approach, so, yeah. Okay, so add 10 to that. 35. 35! Oh, look at that. Hopefully that's enough. It's like that scene in Willow where-- All right, um, since we're birds. I want to take it, just an occasional high-level... Circle around? Circle around, just to see what's up. Okay, both of you guys",Perception
Stealth,"(gasps) Giant eagles? Okay, I'm gonna go find a perch on the other side of the gate. And I'm gonna find a nice little sniper's nest. I'm assuming you have some clan members who might be druids, do you know? You're speaking really smart right now and it's confusing me. (laughing) Make sure you're hiding, Keyleth. I want to stealth, I kind of want to hunker down against the wall and stealth.",Stealth
Deception,"it's gonna take you a little bit to get there. Yep. They get back up to the top. They spend most of their turn getting to that edge, and taking a few steps away from it, getting their weapons out and kind of glaring at each other and trying to figure out what the hell they can do right now as you start looming towards them. I, unarmed, start walking towards them. And I say, ""Where is Kevdak?""",Deception
Athletics,"It might be, I think it's like 30 feet, I can't remember. Or maybe it's 20, I can't remember. It's a little less than that, we'll see. Oh, is it? We'll see. At least you made it interesting. So shoving a creature, you can... Shove it... 9700 feet, specifically. All of them, all the feet. Yeah, I mean, maybe it's 15 feet, but he doesn't know numbers, so... It's strength.",Athletics
Athletics,"You push him five feet away from you, or prone. Five feet? Or prone, prone is good. Prone, and then you could-- Drag him. Drag him. You could try and shove him out, you could grapple and try to drag him with you. I'd like to do that. Okay. (laughing) so go ahead and make an--",Athletics
Athletics,"away from you, or prone. Five feet? Or prone, prone is good. Prone, and then you could-- Drag him. Drag him. You could try and shove him out, you could grapple and try to drag him with you. I'd like to do that. Okay. (laughing) so go ahead and make an-- Athletics check?",Athletics
Intimidation,"but one of them hits the shoulder armor on the back of your shoulder, kind of cracks part of the bone and just streaks off the metal. The other one comes down and hits you in the back of the Belt of Dwarvenkind. You feel a little sink of pain as it kind of cuts through some of the leather, but even the belt itself deflects most of the attack. I look over and say, ""Sit down, son, before you hurt yourself."" (laughing)",Intimidation
Athletics,"lived, deeply unimpressed. (laughing) The other guy gets up, though, and he's going to use action trying to break the grapple. That is going to be a-- Fail! Come on, Grog. Come on, Grog! 16. Misses. (laughing) It's contested with your athletics. Oh.",Athletics
Persuasion,"You are raging, so technically you have advantage on it. That's pretty good. I'll take the 18. Athletics 26. Yeah, he's still grappling, you can't do anything on that. It's your turn. He's wriggling! It's my turn? Well, I look to him and I say, ""I will let you fly from here if you answer this question. ""Is Kevdak or Zanror in the city?""",Persuasion
Athletics,"It just breaks and crumbles, his face is partially caved in, and you can see blood just running rapidly out of his nostrils where his bones were. ""You won't be there to watch my discovery. ""Are they in the city?"" ""Yeah, they're waiting for you."" ""Good, I'll let you fly now."" And I kick him into the pit. (laughing) Whee! All right, I'll say as you use your movement to push forward,",Athletics
Perception,"you just see enough of a movement on the bottom, and then no movement whatsoever. You Wile E. Coyote'd that guy! Oh, man. You all right down there? (laughing) No answer. Yay! Yay! And scene. You've made it-- I'm looking for Scanlan, too, by the way. Kind of keeping an eye out for Scanlan.",Perception
Performance,"the people around and I say, ""We're going to be moving through the city rather fast. ""In case we are spotted, I need to ""hide you people, or make you not ""a target, so I'm going to disguise you all ""as a band of irritable half-orcs ""and grotesque humans and the like using Seeming. ""And just look ornery, and look mean, ""and if you are approached, just sort of ""spit and kick the dirt and look pissy. ""We'll go.""",Performance
Performance,"""We're going to be moving through the city rather fast. ""In case we are spotted, I need to ""hide you people, or make you not ""a target, so I'm going to disguise you all ""as a band of irritable half-orcs ""and grotesque humans and the like using Seeming. ""And just look ornery, and look mean, ""and if you are approached, just sort of ""spit and kick the dirt and look pissy. ""We'll go."" Make a performance check.",Performance
Insight,"It's very believable. It's very believable. And you see this roving band of half-orcs now that are heading southward of the town in a cluster. Okay. They're like, jumping from one alleyway to another, and they're heading kind of southwest. Am I like, ""This is sporadic for a group of orcs,"" or am I like, ""Crazy fuckin' group of orcs!""",Insight
Deception,"scars across the chest and they all kind of loom up as the Goliath steps up, pointing out, ""We need you to the west gate!"" And he kind of steps up. ""Who's your watcher?"" I step forward and say, ""He was killed by that gnome."" ""Gnome? Where'd you see it?"" ""Right in the center of town. ""He was a scary undead gnome, and he's roaming about. ""Kevdak sent us to search for him.""",Deception
Investigation,"of Westruun at this point. Hang on, wait, well, oh, I'm headed to the body still? It's inside the gate? Yeah. Yeah, it fell inside the gate of the city. You approach, and it's a rough scene. Fell on, like, the head and the shoulder. The rest of the body's kind of-- Ew! Accordioned in. Like the body, does it appear to be any druid related to the Ashari clan? Looking it over, make",Investigation
Acrobatics,"I'm gonna do that, for sure. Can I use acrobatics? You, this more of a, this isn't acrobatics, this is more of a jump. Because there are large, large city street gaps that are, like, 25 to 30 feet. What about parkouring? But if I can parkour it, I can find, I wanna be able to... Parkour, parkour! I wanna try and be smart about it and find it any way I can make it.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Can I use acrobatics? You, this more of a, this isn't acrobatics, this is more of a jump. Because there are large, large city street gaps that are, like, 25 to 30 feet. What about parkouring? But if I can parkour it, I can find, I wanna be able to... Parkour, parkour! I wanna try and be smart about it and find it any way I can make it. Right, make an acrobatics check.",Acrobatics
Perception,"just supposed to stand over here by the gate? Are you guys gonna head off? We have a plan. I thought we were going in. We're heading into the city-- I thought we were all going in. I mean, we had a plan, and then we didn't have a plan, so we have like... We're going seven different directions. You look up as you see, suddenly glance overhead, a shadow from one rooftop to another.",Perception
Perception,"It's so good to see you. We should get inside for a moment. We should. Is there a wine cellar or door or something that we can beat in, or a window? There are windows, you don't see a wine cellar in the immediate vicinity of this alleyway. I'll get it open quietly, I'm not gonna break anything! Can I look in the window first? Yeah, you go ahead and glance in.",Perception
Stealth,"Okay. Ish. We can stay close to him, though, right? I like that we managed to make, like, solving problems with violence into an ABC afternoon special, really. Kind of, yeah. Remarkable. Uh, okay. I cast Pass Without a Trace on us so we can stealth. All right. So, the rest of you, go ahead",Stealth
Acrobatics,"All right. Grog is not going stealthy, or are you just walking through? Just walking through. All right. (hums exciting music) As you guys follow suit, dodging from alley to alley, Grog, you step into the main roadway-- okay, you want rooftop? You and Percy? Percy, are you going to the rooftop? All right, both of you",Acrobatics
Persuasion,"and pushes the others away. Draws these two thin short swords from the side, they look kind of jagged and chipped like they've seen quite a few battles. Leans forward and kind of puts one eye on you, leaning on the side as he approaches. ""Kevdak, you say? ""Family, you say? ""I've not seen your face, ""nor the travels you've had with the herd. ""But you say family."" Don't make me repeat myself.",Persuasion
Stealth,"be comparably painful ""as the gnashing tips of these blades ""if you don't shut your mouth, Goliath scum."" You'll be feeling the tips of those before I feel the tips of any teeth of dragons. (laughing) ""Oh, there's many a teeth waiting for you ""where you walk, friend. ""Keep going. ""Your insolence amuses me."" As you guys are kind of keeping back, I need everyone to make",Persuasion
Stealth,"And that's it. All right. How about on the thing I killed, anything? You have a whip. Oh, they did both? Yeah. Can I keep the whip? If you want to. Okay, you take the whip and wrap it up real fast and kind of just attach it inside of your belt. Kinky. Can I have everyone make",Perception
Stealth,"and they're all heading back towards the ally way, Hostages heading towards you just run, just run and hide. Where the noise came from. As the elf who continues to walk forward with you is back. Just run and hide. Do we run? Yeah, yeah, yeah, we disappear. We disappear. We hide. Okay. You guys begin to vanish,",Stealth
Perception,"of pieces of wood that have been jammed into piles with giant spikes and pole arms that have been jammed in there as a defensive place and just to be an ominous position for anyone who attempts to walk into this vicinity. And you see, about every five or six of these, there is a head adorning it, that has been just kind of wedge on, pushed as a warning. Recognize any of those heads?",Investigation
Stealth,"Excuse me? Oh shit. Wait, Kevdak just grew? Yes. Kevdak just grew. Oh my God. Holy shit. Ashley or Pike? So, whereabouts are you guys at this moment? Just give me some inclination. Keyleth is over there, keeping relatively hidden, as an air elemental, I need",Stealth
Stealth,"there or from this side? This, you guys would be coming from this direction here. I'll take the 3 o'clock, if the house is 12, I'll take the 3 o'clock. So you'll be kind of up in this-- Over there. Over here? Okay, so we'll say Percy is up on the roof area. 6 o'clock, 9 o'clock, 12 o'clock. Okay, I need you to go ahead and",Stealth
Stealth,"All right, let's see... Less than that... As both of the ax swings come through you, you suffer a total of 54 points of slashing damage. Reduced? Reduced by half, so that brings it to 27. Plus an additional ten points of necrotic damage that you do not reduce. While all the attention is focused on them, can I stealth down to the ground for a second?",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"you suffer a total of 54 points of slashing damage. Reduced? Reduced by half, so that brings it to 27. Plus an additional ten points of necrotic damage that you do not reduce. While all the attention is focused on them, can I stealth down to the ground for a second? Make a stealth check. How are you getting down? Are you climbing down via acrobatics?",Acrobatics
Stealth,"you suffer a total of 54 points of slashing damage. Reduced? Reduced by half, so that brings it to 27. Plus an additional ten points of necrotic damage that you do not reduce. While all the attention is focused on them, can I stealth down to the ground for a second? Make a stealth check. How are you getting down? Are you climbing down via acrobatics?",Acrobatics
Athletics,"Oh my God, oh my God. That ends your turn. Now Kevdak, who's kind of laughing to himself. (laughs evilly) Oh, he's consulting the book. I hate when he does that. Why, what could that possibly mean? He's probably looking up the price of a mace. Totally. What's an adventurer's kit run for? Who did this illustration again? Oh yeah, I remember.",Athletics
Athletics,"Yeah. Would that be at disadvantage? No, not at this distance. You just, you're grappled, so you can't move. You're essentially stuck there until you use an action to get off of it, otherwise you can't go anywhere. Yeah, I got to get off of it. I'm going to get off of it. Okay, so using an action to break free. Yeah.",Athletics
Intimidation,"left Grog for dead long ago. While the dragons had destroyed part of Westruun and left it behind, this tribe utilized that time to take over the town, enslaving or keeping most of the people under their thumb, and making an accord with the one black dragon, Umbrasyl, that is currently in a tenuous relationship right now with these herd members, Herd of the Storm, as they're known. You, having sent a few of them to their death via a trap on the outside, found your way into the city, saved some of the individuals that lived there, as well as Kaylie and Dr. Dranzel, and Grog went ahead and issued a challenge to the Herd to meet with Kevdak himself. After some fairly decent",Intimidation
Acrobatics,"Okay. Which doorway, where am I on the map, I can't see myself? Right there? Could I run to the corner of the building that the archers are on and scrabble up the side of it? Over here? And get to that archer? You can certain try it. (laughter) You rush past one of the peasants, fear in their face, they're confused and looking around and you see there's mud and a little trickle of blood that's dried down their face. As you (darting noise) by, they go, (gasps) You don't pay too much mind to them.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"I can't see myself? Right there? Could I run to the corner of the building that the archers are on and scrabble up the side of it? Over here? And get to that archer? You can certain try it. (laughter) You rush past one of the peasants, fear in their face, they're confused and looking around and you see there's mud and a little trickle of blood that's dried down their face. As you (darting noise) by, they go, (gasps) You don't pay too much mind to them. Acrobatics check?",Acrobatics
Athletics,"So yeah. This is the most epic map ever, by the way. Trinket's just chilling in the house. (sad bear noise) All righty. So that ends your held action, now Grog, you're up. Can I walk around to the front of Kevdak, please? Okay. Knowing that he pointed up with a hand at Scanlan's beautiful ass, hand still on his greataxe, paralyzed, can I try and rip-- continuing my rage because he hit me last round-- can I pull the axe from his hand?",Athletics
Acrobatics,"this turn, if anything? Oh yeah, you can still do other things! You can move, you have an action. This is a bonus! It lasts for a minute, and it's not concentration. Yeah, I should probably, I should probably-- As a bonus action you can make it move and attack every round, so. Awesome. Okay, so I'm going to, would it be possible to get down on that bottom roof and hide? Here? Yeah.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"week I misspoke, I thought I had one Luck left as I used it, but I got it backwards, so I have one Luck left this week in case I want to use it. Okay. Go back and look at the videotape. You can. Well no, I said the wrong thing. But anyway, I want to use my first action to shove that archer backward off the roof. Shove them? Yeah, shove them off. All right, let's go ahead and do a shove action. Find myself on this one here-- all right, so, for shove-- I need you to go ahead and-- Strength?",Athletics
Athletics,"I used it, but I got it backwards, so I have one Luck left this week in case I want to use it. Okay. Go back and look at the videotape. You can. Well no, I said the wrong thing. But anyway, I want to use my first action to shove that archer backward off the roof. Shove them? Yeah, shove them off. All right, let's go ahead and do a shove action. Find myself on this one here-- all right, so, for shove-- I need you to go ahead and-- Strength? --make an athletics check.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"--make an athletics check. Athletics check. Yes. I'm going to trigger the Luck right now. All right. That helped it, yeah. That gets it to 20. To 20? That's going to be a 12. Yay! So you shove it five feet. This way? All right, so it's going to go ahead and make an acrobatics-- Ah, no, towards you, Matt, was my intention, yeah. Towards me? All right, this way. Shove, they",Acrobatics
Stealth,"do make an acrobatics check but they do land off the side here. So they take eight points of damage being pushed off the side. All righty. This board is incredible. So that person's now fallen out of sight (yells), off the side. Now, question: am I able to use my bonus action to hide behind that chimney from Kevdak's view, and the archers are, am I able to do that? Just with Kevdak? Yeah, the chimney should offer you enough, and you have a tree between the two of you anyway. Okay. So I hide behind the chimney.",Stealth
Stealth,"the side here. So they take eight points of damage being pushed off the side. All righty. This board is incredible. So that person's now fallen out of sight (yells), off the side. Now, question: am I able to use my bonus action to hide behind that chimney from Kevdak's view, and the archers are, am I able to do that? Just with Kevdak? Yeah, the chimney should offer you enough, and you have a tree between the two of you anyway. Okay. So I hide behind the chimney. Make a dexterity, make a stealth check.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"him. Okay. Thank you. Nice, Percy. You can see from the distance the visage of this half-orc looks back as you do that and goes-- And goes to shakily-- hand reaching back for another arrow. This archer's going to go ahead and leap down onto here. Oh, you do get an attack of opportunity on him. He knocks down a tree in the process. What a dick! That's a natural 18, so that's a 26. Pretty sure that hits. Also rolled a natural",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"bit of column B. What was it? 28 to hit. 28 hits. Non-sharpshooter? Non-sharpshooter. Dullshooter. But I'm doing a torso shot. So he gets no save, there's no save for the torso shot, he's going to take his damage and move ten feet away from me. Okay. So. That's 14 points of damage, of piercing damage. 14 points of piercing damage and he gets shoved off the back of the roof, he's going to",Athletics
Athletics,"front of the house. Oh my god. Straight into the-- In the kill box, you're going into the kill box? You're not fast, you're not a fast person! No, I'm going to jump for the other house. All right, go ahead and make an acrobatics check. Oh right, this is a jump, so this would be athletics. Is it not an acrobatics, I can't do an acrobatics, I can't parkour this? My hands are free. I'll say you can make an acrobatics with",Athletics
Perception,"Too high-level, you can't do it, Grasping Vine's a 4th-level spell. You can only do up to a second level as a bonus. Can you use your bonus action to heal? I could do a bonus action to heal somebody. Who's down really bad, can I see Pike? You can't see Pike right now, Pike is out of the room. Can you see me up in the air? Are you rough? Have you taken some damage? Can you see me in the air? Can I see Vex flying off into the distance?",Stealth
Acrobatics,"Say again? It can only move 20 feet as a bonus action. Oh, so it can only catch up to him. Diagonally. Right on his ass. Yeah! It flies over objects, too. But you can't see him right now, you'd have to move over to have him in view. And one of them would get an opportunity now because-- One of them would, if you were to try and dodge past, yeah. What do you want to do? I have to move anyway. It's up to you. What do you want to do? I'm going to try to-- yeah.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"actually missed you? That would've been an attack against its own guy, because that was the one that didn't hit, so he would've been-- Once again against this guy. So he deals an additional 13 points of damage against one of the other ones. Okay. Got you. So that finishes their turn there. So these guys here are going to move around the fire, this guy's going to move up here. Everyone's at disadvantage with me, just a reminder. Yeah. This guy here is going to go ahead and move one, two, three. And then using Greenbeard, who reaches out and grabs him with his elemental arm and alley-oops him up onto the roof. With the",Athletics
Intimidation,"I hold my action? I'm going to hold my action until-- Yeah, it's an action to feed a potion to anyone. Yeah. What are you going to do, Vex? Hurry up. I'm going to hold my action until Grog is healed. Okay. Okay. And I-- can I shout anything? If you want to. I'm going to shout, witness Grog Strongjaw, and bend the knee! It's great, it's great, it's great.",Intimidation
Acrobatics,"not Greenbeard, between Grog and everyone over there. Okay, so you'd be leaping, technically onto the body of Kevdak is what you'd be doing. That's fine. Squish. So you land onto Kevdak's form, very angry slash, I'll say for the purposes of this you're there, because Kevdak's body is way too big right now to put on the field. But we are so going to loot that. So going to loot that shit. All right, you land. If we survive this. With your hasted movement, make an",Athletics
Stealth,"its action. This archer here is going to move up to see what's happened, dashing to look out and see what happened, doesn't get its turn. This archer here, who's now moved, moves over to this side with its arrow trained on you as well. It's also going to hold its action. And they're all looking at each other at this Mexican standoff moment where they're all poised and ready. Everyone's holding their actions right now. It would be Kevdak's turn, Scanlan, you're up. I'm pretty far. I'm going to jump down off the roof and move towards Grog. Okay, so you run down. Okay. The guy who was up against you has looked over and is not paying",Acrobatics
Stealth,"to see what's happened, dashing to look out and see what happened, doesn't get its turn. This archer here, who's now moved, moves over to this side with its arrow trained on you as well. It's also going to hold its action. And they're all looking at each other at this Mexican standoff moment where they're all poised and ready. Everyone's holding their actions right now. It would be Kevdak's turn, Scanlan, you're up. I'm pretty far. I'm going to jump down off the roof and move towards Grog. Okay, so you run down. Okay. The guy who was up against you has looked over and is not paying attention at this moment. Make a stealth check.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"also going to hold its action. And they're all looking at each other at this Mexican standoff moment where they're all poised and ready. Everyone's holding their actions right now. It would be Kevdak's turn, Scanlan, you're up. I'm pretty far. I'm going to jump down off the roof and move towards Grog. Okay, so you run down. Okay. The guy who was up against you has looked over and is not paying attention at this moment. Make a stealth check. Oh. Stealth check. 13. 13. As you rush down the thing, he looks over, looks at you and goes, ""Hey. Hey!"" And can't even catch you, you're too fast. Make an",Acrobatics
Persuasion,"I mean, I could say if you wanted to, you could move half your movement and take her with you. Okay, I'll do that. I'll take her with me. Okay, you take her hand. I'm going to use Healing Word, oh shit, what just happened? You and Pike move there, holding each other's hand. Okay. I'm going to use Healing Word on Grog, and I'm just going to start chanting, Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Communicate that as a Healing Word. Okay. Go ahead and roll the heal on that. I",Persuasion
Persuasion,"You and Pike move there, holding each other's hand. Okay. I'm going to use Healing Word on Grog, and I'm just going to start chanting, Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Strongjaw! Communicate that as a Healing Word. Okay. Go ahead and roll the heal on that. I also want you to go ahead and make a persuasion check. Me? Yeah. Heal is eight points. What's that do? So you go to zero, and then eight. Okay.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"(laughter) ""Claiming dominion over a herd that you fell to and left behind for years. Though you struck ""down Kevdak, what do you think makes you aligned with the interests of our people?"" Oh, you mistake me, Seer of the Herd. I do not mean to lead this herd, but rather to empower you to more powerful game. I'm here to inspire your aspirations. Never would I ask you to bend the knee. Only would I ask you to live and fight and perhaps die in the most beautiful death you can possibly attain. Join me and my fellows. Come to our aid when I call. And with that, we will chase down dragons, gods, and more.",Persuasion
Religion,"see if I can-- Okay, this will take a while. All right. So, as the rest of herd move on, following Zanror, they begin to separate to gather the rest of the herd throughout the town. A few stay behind, keeping watch-- I'll assist Pike in any way that I can. Okay. I'm going to sit and fix my gun. It's going to cost-- 500 gold are consumed by the casting of this spell as part of the-- I'll help. Okay. Takes an hour. So, as you guys take this time, this is a short rest for those of you who aren't part of this ritual. You complete the",Religion
Performance,Yep. How are you aiding in this? Can place my hand on his chest and place my other hand on the ground and try and use natural healing to assist? Sure. Go ahead and make a straight wisdom roll. Natural one. Okay. Can I assist? How would you like to assist? I would like to come over and start listening to the chanting that she's doing in Celestial and harmonize and bring a voice to it since I can actually speak Celestial.,Performance
Religion,"very plain in the interior, it's very cold, you can see there is a small firepit with a cauldron over it that's used for making simple soups and whatever food they prepare in here. There is a portion of the roof that is open to allow any sort of smoke to pass through, but it does have some runoff to let any sort of water fall off outside the window. She heads back behind where the cold cauldron is, and where the stones are set up to guard the back from catching any of the wood behind it, she goes and pulls on one of the pieces of stone, and as she pulls it back it's a false front of stone that pulls open. There's a small cabinet there that you see there used to be a--",Religion
Athletics,"You push and the door hits something. Damn it. Doors. It like budges maybe a quarter-inch. He's barricaded the door, that's a good thing, that's a really good thing. I go to the crack. Pop-Pop Wilhand! It's Pike! I go and look through the window, is there a window? There is a window, there is cloth shuttered around it, you cannot see in the inside. And the hole in the roof. Could I get up it? You could probably get up there if you",Athletics
Investigation,"shattered and then was put up there and is delicately keeping its form by how it was laid. The rest of the room is cold. It's quiet other than your footfalls. Can I check the bedroom? Okay. You go up to the bedroom area. As you go up the stairs, you can see the giant piece of stone that's smashed in there, where the bed would be in part of the bedroom area. Pike, did he have any hiding places, like that other house? I go with her. I'm going to look around for personal effects, papers.",Investigation
Insight,"evening's done. You can show his people that work at the mansion how to cook, 'cause they are terrible, I can tell you that much. They're great at one dish. ""You have a mansion?"" I do! I'm quite successful as gnomes go, in fact, before we-- ""Pike. He has a mansion."" He does. He does have a mansion. It's a magic mansion. Is Wilhand drunk right now? He looks like he's coping with the past week's events.",Insight
Investigation,"Yeah. I'm curious what the fates would say. (sighs) I don't give a shit what the fates have to say. I do have a coin with a 20 and a one on it. All right. So what's the plan? Are we going-- Silently, quietly walking up to the front door? Vax, if you would be so kind? It's already partially ajar. Should we check it for traps first? Check for traps. All right, if you want to make an",Investigation
Investigation,"Yeah. This is a death box, this room is a death box. And I have a keen eye, but I wouldn't mind another set. D'you want me to look around? I'd like us both to look around. From out here? No, I said come inside. I can actually walk in? Yeah. All right. I stand exactly in front of the door and don't take any more steps. Come in. Aww, you're my bestie. All right, I'm going to start looking around for traps. I look for traps visually.",Investigation
Arcana,"The carpet? Yeah, the-- no, the other carpet. Maybe Scanlan has an idea what it is. Scanlan! Oi! You know this rune over here? This-- what? I don't even see what you're talking about. This little glowy rune right here. Look closely. Oh! I would've totally missed that. (laughter) I think that I have not seen anything like this before, but have I?",Arcana
Investigation,"Under the bed, in the bed, around the bed. 17? 23. Okay. This room does not appear to be trapped. Can I look under the bed? You look under the bed. Under the bed there is a small chest that is pushed to the very back, you pull it out, shhk. I check for traps on the chest. I take three steps back away from my sister. You've made her very cautious. I, as it tends to. Go ahead and make an",Investigation
Investigation,"I'm sorry, who's talking, who is this? It's the voice of reason, coming from downstairs. (laughter) Is it, though? Is it really? I know, I'm just as depressed that it is as you are. I double-check the room for-- What would you like me to look for again? Check paintings, behind the paintings, check the bed for any odd slidey bits. Percy is a paranoid rich person, so he knows things about them. Trust paranoid rich people to know.",Investigation
Investigation,"There was nothing there, Vax. Now I know. The PTSD is really starting to sink in. Three-point landing! Okay, we're fine! While they were up there dicking around, we were looking around at the middle floor, anything good? No, we were not going anywhere near the pressure points, by the way. Well, that is without being said. I mean, other than the rooms you guys went into, there was the dining room area and the kitchen area. Anything good that looks--",Investigation
Investigation,"Now I know. The PTSD is really starting to sink in. Three-point landing! Okay, we're fine! While they were up there dicking around, we were looking around at the middle floor, anything good? No, we were not going anywhere near the pressure points, by the way. Well, that is without being said. I mean, other than the rooms you guys went into, there was the dining room area and the kitchen area. Anything good that looks-- Investigation checks from both you guys.",Investigation
Investigation,"darkness, and the door (creaking). Would've burned us! Hey, maybe? Not us, not us. Yeah. Is your unseen servant okay? Ah, he's fine, yeah? He's fine. I walk through the gust of wind and get my hair tousled. You go through. Your hair gets tousled. You unintentionally shoulder-check Mort. Sorry, Mort. I'm going to see if I can see any traps inside the room.",Investigation
Perception,"Would you and your light-footed friend like to join me in here? Sure, I'll come. Yeah? Yes. Mort. Join me. Mort has joined you. Okay. I don't want to touch anything in here. I don't see any traps-- I want to touch everything in here. I do too. Have at it. And I back up. All right, let's go pillage! I'll start looking around and looting.",Investigation
Investigation,"on it than I am dickering with its power source. Just look and see what it is. I look at the crystal, admire it, go dink-dink with a knuckle. You glance through this little slit and it's about that wide, like you can barely see the flicker, and the stone is about a good foot and a half, two feet deep before you even see the source of the light. It's a very, very thin slit to it, and from what little bit you can see, you see the gem is embedded in there with multiple metallic and stone things keeping it suspended there. Can I inspect the chest of this creature like it's a trap?",Investigation
Perception,"made, but you would need time to attune to this, should you want to take the time to do so. 30 minutes to an hour, depending. Let's take all of this out of the house, maybe. Including the golem? I want to stay here and see. You guys continue looking around. I'm going to meditate for a second. Grog, much time goes by. 20, 30 minutes. Not a peep. Silence. Can I, since I'm bored-- I look up and down the street. Anything suspicious? I mean, a few folks wander by, looking",Persuasion
Survival,"Pull the grate, it scrapes, and you manage to haul it off to the side. It's still a difficult process but you do manage enough strength in the two of you to pull it off. Your forearms are like Popeye, motherfucker. Yes they are. Years of use. The stench of the sewer immediately hits your nose, there is a metal ladder that leads down into the subterranean area. All right. Where do we go? I-- well, let's see if she left any-- my sister looks for tracks. You really should've brought my sister. I'm going to check for tracks.",Survival
Survival,"to haul it off to the side. It's still a difficult process but you do manage enough strength in the two of you to pull it off. Your forearms are like Popeye, motherfucker. Yes they are. Years of use. The stench of the sewer immediately hits your nose, there is a metal ladder that leads down into the subterranean area. All right. Where do we go? I-- well, let's see if she left any-- my sister looks for tracks. You really should've brought my sister. I'm going to check for tracks. Okay, make a survival check.",Survival
Stealth,"mine or is it about the same size? The one you see is about the same size. There were some humanoids, humans with us. We were traveling with a bunch of people. Yeah? Okay. Well, I mean, they would've washed away if they were old, so probably pretty new. Let's follow them. You are the expert. I clearly am. (laughter) Let's go. Shit. Yeah, I'll lead the way. Okay. You continue, both of you guys make",Persuasion
Perception,"Yeah, I'll lead the way. Okay. You continue, both of you guys make stealth checks. Yeah, okay. Seven. I'm just excited! Going to see my daughter! 33. Okay. You guys continue finding your way, weaving through the southern area, following the tracks they vanish and you'll see a couple footprints here, and then you guys will lose the trail. The scent is terrifying and getting worse the further south you progress. You do head into one central chamber and both of you guys make",Stealth
Survival,"Yeah, it's like a four-way, four different platforms or passages merge in the center here, where one of the drains leads down into-- And are there any of the footprints left anywhere? I mean, you do see bits of sludge around, and there are a number of footprints that are all scattered around, some smeared, some skidding. I reach down and I scoop Scanlan up in football pose again. Which way do you want to go? I can't tell which way. Your daughter. Reach deep, man. Can I sense which direction the wall of city is, like do I have any sort of--",Survival
Survival,"see-- you did encounter one of these entities before, when you were tracking down the rakshasa. It's a terrible swollen creature with tendrils, a mouth, it feeds on refuse and rot. This was a rather swollen and dangerous-looking one. However, as you pass by and look, you see a series of wounds across its body and its lifeblood dripping out. This one has been slain. I'm going to set you down, all right? I think your daughter done killed a-- oogedyboogedy. What? How do you know that? Sit down. It's dead. Oh. Oh, good!",Survival
Survival,"night. Because it is night at this point in time. It's a large ten-foot-tall circular grate. If you look, the bars are actually bent open and it leads outward, the liquid from the sewage now spills out into this small ravine in the very southern portion of Westruun. And leads out into-- Sort of like this? Or is it? No, it's up like this, it's vertical. Vertical. And what do we see past the bars? You see the open plains south of Westruun. No sign of tracks, anyone huddled for safety? I mean, looking around you can see a few footprints, scattered footprints, you can make a",Survival
Perception,"spell do you have prepared that'll help with this, if any? That you have prepared. Where'd it go, where'd it go, it was right-- Can I-- There's a level one spell, Detect Good and Evil, if you have that prepared, that would detect for an evil entity. Do you have Identify? No. Identify is more of an arcane-based. What do you think? That would be like Scanlan or any other arcane casters you would know.",Arcana
Insight,"right-- Can I-- There's a level one spell, Detect Good and Evil, if you have that prepared, that would detect for an evil entity. Do you have Identify? No. Identify is more of an arcane-based. What do you think? That would be like Scanlan or any other arcane casters you would know. Can I perception check it? Do you have Identify? I'm not there. I'm asking you, not you.",Arcana
Insight,"Evil, if you have that prepared, that would detect for an evil entity. Do you have Identify? No. Identify is more of an arcane-based. What do you think? That would be like Scanlan or any other arcane casters you would know. Can I perception check it? Do you have Identify? I'm not there. I'm asking you, not you. Insight check it, can I-- You'll have to butter me up first.",Insight
Perception,"I give him a hug and a kiss on his cheek. Okay. I kick the dirt a little bit and then I walk away and I click my heels. Little jump-and-click. And-- anything else, before the evening's rest comes? All right. Sleep finds you all, some easier than others, until a measured period of time, I believe? Yeah. Grog sprung awake, gathered the folks in the pre-dawn hour of the following morning. You gather your stuff, exit the mansion, and start making your way towards the Margrave's house. Is there anyone on the street?",Perception
Intimidation,"Zanror looks to you. ""What do you say, Grog Strongjaw, slayer of Kevdak, he who raises might ""against the dragon?"" Thunderlord, we back your play. ""The rest of you, those who travel this world afar, outside of our people, where does your ""allegiance lie?"" Well, certainly not with the cowards who're abandoning you in the face of a tough fight. Ivon turns to you now, eyes red with fury. ""Who're you calling a coward, little man?"" Watch where you turn your gaze. It may be the last movement your head makes attached to your body.",Intimidation
Persuasion,"""live our lives and you can run into whatever fires you want. The last thing we need is a civil ""war this morning."" What do you say? How many people do you have with you? Turns to you. ""And you are?"" Vex'ahlia. ""We take 18 with us, west of the Fens. Let us be. It's not fair to drag them into this chaos."" May I say something? I realize you want to go and protect your people, but even if you run, you guys will eventually come across a dragon that will kill all of your people. So what if we fight together? Because there's strength in numbers. Maybe we should just let them leave.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"this dragon, did it ever speak down to you? ""Huh. That's the only way it knows how to speak. Fucking cold-minded beast."" Aye. ""Can't wait to sever its head from its neck."" Perhaps if we tame your lust for blood for a day, we can control all the variables that we have by setting this trap. If we go to that cave, aye, we will find war sooner, but we know less, and the reason you're the Thunderlord now is there is a better brain in that skull than there ever was in your father's. Let's use that to our advantage.",Persuasion
Investigation,"You can check around. This would be a blacksmith just to make a couple springs. This is not a complicated-- This is literally something you could make in the woods. It's a slightly more complex version of something you could make in the woods to catch birds. I'm just building a really big version. It's a whole bunch of systems like this that will have chains and weights on them that when you disrupt the weight at the center the whole thing goes clunk, throws a whole bunch of-- it's basically a netting system. It's an entanglement and will be an entanglement. Okay. I'll tell you what. Go ahead and roll",Investigation
Investigation,"Emon? ""Few months?"" You got any loved ones there? ""Why?"" I don't know, just asking, like, do you want me to take a note from you to them or something, you know. ""No, if you can release me, I'd be more than happy to take it myself if you don't mind."" Yeah, no, I'm still deliberating, sorry. Enjoy the food that you snuck in your jacket pocket. And I go back towards the front desk area. And I try and find any-- is there a lever on the wall to release the cells or can I look for keys?",Investigation
Insight,"longsword."" All right, so. Have I got the door open yet? Not yet. But at this time there's an awkward pause and now you're like, don't have any more conversation. But you still have to finish the-- about a minute later, he's sitting there going, ""Come on, come on, come on."" Eventually-- tink!-- it opens up. ""Yes!"" And he pushes it open as you pull it open. Before I give you this sword-- ""Aye?"" --are you up for the fight of your life? ""Yes?""",Investigation
Insight,"I've done all three of those things more than most men do in three lifetimes. ""And you can have a fourth! Please, just let me out of here."" I'm thinking of a number between one and three. He's not. ""Two."" Shit. (laughter) That's like only one of a couple that I know. All right. You get to come out. ""Ah, wonderful. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And I'm a man of my word, don't you worry.""",Insight
Investigation,"prison robes and puts them over that to just go ahead and not be as tattered as he looked. He does pull what looks like a small jug from it and sets that aside, and he looks around his room, (sighs) ""I guess let's see if there's anything in the shop that still remains."" Steps around the way. Oof. All right. Yeah, most everything of worth appears to have been taken or broken. Search around, help him search! Yeah, is there anything we can help you find that you're looking for? ""Anything intact, really."" Yeah, can we help him look for any vials, or--",Investigation
Investigation,"I thought you had him. I clearly said when you came up, watch the guy with the black feet. What'd you do? I was watching you, you have disgusting black feet. You walk around barefoot, you're disgusting. I really can't argue with that. (laughter) Well. Whatever. I saved a life, go me. I'll take it later. Yeah, so can we go back to the prison, not to take away from everything else, and maybe look for chains, like some hooks, maybe some broken bars? Yeah. The two of you guys, make one more",Investigation
Survival,"ground. Just ten. Yeah? Okay. Yeah, we'll sever the chains with Grog's muscles. We need to get 'em the right distance. About how long? Ten feet into the ground, which we can-- Do it right now. Ready? I'm going to do another Stone Shape spell into the ground. You have to go around and find an area, because a lot of it's dirt. You have to find an area that has actual stonework in the ground. Otherwise, it's just earth that's pulling it. Go",Survival
Perception,"underneath all the treasure so that it just is nothing, and then we put everything on top, and then basically it's set, and then pins get pulled so that it's set. And you don't disturb shit again. Hey Percy, we're ready to fly in the trap whenever you are. Yes, let's do that, gentlemen. Let's move it. Good work, ladies and gentlemen. While you guys set the trap, I'm going to turn into a raven. My job is done here. I'm going to just go and circle while they're setting the trap and setting the stage and do patrol and make sure we're not being watched.",Investigation
Survival,"in between it? Taliesin, how does it work? Let's just keep him right off to the side because if that trap triggers-- In theory, he should be able to fit right at the sides of it, because it's got an armature spring system. As long as you're not in the way of the armatures, you should be fine. So you set it up and away, laying the sides down, precariously putting the pins in, holding it in an open position. You begin to take dirt, dust, and gathering up the area, trying to hide it to the best of your ability. Who is in charge of camouflaging this piece? Go ranger, go ranger, go!",Survival
Athletics,"contest and they said no professionals! (laughter) Just enough of a distraction in the settling dirt for the dragon to turn its head over and its tail swings just a little wide of you, Grog, as you sidestep, no effect. We'll say for this, it's less of a surprise round. I use surprise round liberally. Surprise was it grappling and everyone getting out of it and preparing for the actual assault. It's more of a surprising round. Correct. Umbrasyl does get a turn. Umbrasyl, very frustrated and angry at the circumstance, is going to attempt to break free. With disadvantage",Athletics
Stealth,"You didn't start the round hidden, so you can't do that. I wasn't still hidden? No, you have to spend a bonus action to attempt to hide at the end of your turn. Can I attempt to hide? You'd have to be a level two rogue to do that as a bonus action on your turn. But on my boots of haste I can use it to dash, disengage, or hide. Oh, you're using your bonus action-- so your extra action, not your bonus action. Okay, my extra action. You can do that, yes. Go ahead and roll a",Stealth
Athletics,"Yes, I have two questions. One of the things I picked up from Kevdak were four enchanted javelins. What do those do? They're thrown, ranged attacks. And they're just enchanted? They're plus one to hit and damage. Just that. That's it, yeah. It's a relatively simple enchantment. What is my climbing speed? If my natural speed is 50 and I wanted to climb that column, what's the climbing speed? Climbing speed? I mean, if you roll a decent climb check-- here. That would be-- I'd say that",Athletics
Athletics,"climb it, and I'd put it at about half speed. But you're also prone, so getting up from that's half your speed. On my back, can I use my bonus action to drink the potion of speed, which makes me hasted? Yes you can. You now have technically four attacks per round. I do. And it doubles my speed, right? Yes. Okay, so I have 100 feet, so can I stand up? Yep. 50 feet. Can I try and climb that column towards Umbrasyl's feet?",Athletics
Athletics,"You can get up to there. You're wider than the pillar, though. You like-- Earthglide to the top, so it's 30 feet tall. (nervous laughter) And I'm going to use my momentum to see if I can rocket myself out and see if I can jump and grab onto his leg. Okay, so you're making this a jump action, then? Yeah, I want to shoot out of the pillar. Using the momentum of the Earthglide? And shoot out with a waterslide trajectory, woo! Yeah? Maybe? Okay. I'll say that-- It's pretty fast-- Also pretty heavy as an earth elemental. I'm thinking about it real hard.",Athletics
Perception,"down. You take 12 points of bludgeoning damage from the impact with the ground, leaving a small crater. However, there are two giant eagles that are now floating in the vicinity around the dragon. The eagles are summoned. Their initiative is not bad. They're going to be after Grog. Okay. So they're above his head now, so if he shoots acid down, they'll be here. And their command is, attack his eyeballs. Okay. I'm going to use my boots of haste. For my perception, would I be able to see any weird little bumps on the dragon? Because my brother's been in there a while. Can I see anything going on?",Perception
Perception,"I'm taking-- The Bramblewood is now beneath you, you're heading towards the mountain, you can see the edge of the forest now. Maybe I go first, just in case something-- Yeah, go for it. The Bramblewood? I'm holding on, right? With the Titanstone Knuckles. Whereabouts is the axe lodged? Can I see where the chain is attached to? You can see it curving up ahead of you and with how high the sun is in the sky, it's around noon, there's a heavy bit of shadow, and at this",Perception
Athletics,"That's my favorite kind of oatmeal. Nobody likes that  you're alone in this. And it makes me so angry that I go into a rage? Do recall, you do have one point of exhaustion since your frenzied rage did wear off beforehand. Right, yeah. So you go into a rage. Oh but we have Heroes' Feast, is that good? It doesn't help with that, no. All right. So I go in a rage, and I would like to try and continue climbing up the remainder of the distance to Umbrasyl.",Athletics
Athletics,"appears and is currently being squished between some of the walls of the stomach. Can he move at all? Yeah! Okay. I would like to fist the wound. Jam it, find a finger and-- how you like that? You're fingering the wound. Okay! (laughter) This wound will never heal. I don't-- yeah. (laughter) So would it be a forceful hand? This would be a very forceful hand. This would be the definition of Bigby's Forceful Hand.",Athletics
Athletics,"A very heavy Grog. Is he Hunter's Marked still-- He would be. You haven't taken a lot of damage yet, or at all. I haven't taken any damage. Then you still have Hunter's Mark on him, yeah. Continues upward. That comes to the next part. Grog, you're up. I had one question. I drank that Potion of Speed. It hastes me for a minute. How many rounds is a minute? That has gone away, unfortunately. Well, there's nothing to do but to climb back up the chain!",Athletics
Athletics,"15? Yeah. There's just not enough strength to get it though. You try and pull upward and the blade comes loose, comes towards your body, but doesn't actually find any additional part of the muscle to cut through. Dagger on the outside is 21. 21? Just scrapes across the hide. Not strong enough to pierce it from the outside. You do also take one point of bludgeoning damage as the wound tenses around you once more. Scanlan! For my bonus action, I'm going to fist the dragon again! Just going to jam it in there!",Stealth
Perception,"I believe it's an action. An action? Okay. I'm going to cast Lay on Hands on myself. And I'm going throw my poison dagger at the dragon as I fall. That's a 23. 23 does hit. That is ten points of damage with poison on it. It's a DC of 15 for poison. I'm sure it makes it. Yeah, it makes it. It would've had to roll a one to not make it, unfortunately. Could I add one bonus thing at the end of mine? Sure. Can I see Scanlan and Bigby's Hand at all? Or is the world just a clusterfuck?",Athletics
Stealth,"also a smaller, little gap lower down. He cannot fit in there. I can try and scry inside the cavern. See if it's something that would be worth-- Get a battle perspective? Yeah. All right. You have to give me a few minutes. Is everyone all right with that? Can I use my ranger skills to try to camouflage us into the side of the mountain? To make us even more non-seeable? Yeah. Totally. So we'll say for the purposes of that, anyone at this point who'd like",Stealth
Perception,"the night and steal mountain goats. (belches) Pardon me. Goats! Steal mountain goats, steal or find and kill anybody who lived in-- there used to be a smaller village that lived north on the mountainscape that is now abandoned because of this creature the folklore of the time said supposedly lived at the top of the mountain. It speaks of the entrance, the place that Umbrasyl now calls the lair, and this leads you to believe that this is a fresh lair. Umbrasyl did not appear to always live within Gatshadow, but is only currently making it its lair at the moment. Is this a dead end? Does it look like it goes further in?",Investigation
Insight,"own death! I'll take the horn. It might explode. It might explode?! It's a little unstable. Scanlan, you should take the horn. She's not dead yet! I'm saying when she dies. If she dies. We're not going to divvy up her stuff! That's bad luck! She's bequeathing it to you in her will. And this pendant here, which looks like a dragon tooth, it's a dragon tooth. And if you wear it, it will close your wounds.",Insight
Insight,"It might explode?! It's a little unstable. Scanlan, you should take the horn. She's not dead yet! I'm saying when she dies. If she dies. We're not going to divvy up her stuff! That's bad luck! She's bequeathing it to you in her will. And this pendant here, which looks like a dragon tooth, it's a dragon tooth. And if you wear it, it will close your wounds. Could I insight check her? I feel like she's lying through her teeth. (laughter)",Insight
Investigation,"You all slowly make your way to the very mouth of the cavern. You've been at this point, as well. You wanted to go ahead and make an investigation? Scootching in, yeah. All right, go for it. 24. 24. Feeling around the exterior, there are two rocks that are nearly identical, placed at each side of the cavern entrance. Upon approaching, their texture and their weathered appearance is far younger than the rest of the stone around them, and that catches your attention.",Investigation
Arcana,"Just come up a little bit slowly. There are a couple of rocks up here that look a little funny to me. Don't step on me. Oh right! You're so tiny right now. I keep forgetting that. You're very brave for someone so small! Do you want me to put you in a little pouch? Could be like a kangaroo? We're going to die! Another time. As Keyleth and Shale approach the threshold that you're currently standing at, the rest of you are a little ways behind. He points out these two stones. Go ahead and both of you guys make an",Perception
Stealth,"Yes. Your 4th-level Stoneshape. You cause a portion of the rock wall at the side of the cavern to actually forge itself into a tunnel, circumventing the exterior rock on the left. Could you just do that the entire way into the cavern? I can do it two more times. All the way into the cavern. Okay. Let's go through the new hole. I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to keep doing the same. Come on, you big giant dummy. I'm on a broom, do you want to ride it with me? Just kidding-- Percy's already on. I'll stealth ahead and look around.",Stealth
Stealth,"portion of the rock wall at the side of the cavern to actually forge itself into a tunnel, circumventing the exterior rock on the left. Could you just do that the entire way into the cavern? I can do it two more times. All the way into the cavern. Okay. Let's go through the new hole. I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to keep doing the same. Come on, you big giant dummy. I'm on a broom, do you want to ride it with me? Just kidding-- Percy's already on. I'll stealth ahead and look around. Okay. So roll your stealth check.",Stealth
Perception,"Trace, right? So I'm at 40. So you make your way into the next portion. You're actually able to start seeing-- Whoa! Slowly! You people don't see shit. Oh, that's acid! --in a raised platform, in a pool of somewhat pungent-smelling liquid as you get even remotely close to it, the fume causes your sinuses to open and burn and tingle. They barely get in. Yeah. (cutesy voice) It's too small... I'm just going to hold still for a second and listen. Do I hear anything?",Perception
Stealth,"Are you kidding me right now? I'm not kidding you! I want to kill this thing. This is the first stepping stone, and I could potentially take it out. Catch it unawares before it vomits on all of you. I want to do it, and I just want to know that you're going to come in after and finish it if you need to. I told you what I want to do. All right. I will give you a minute head start to get across the room. After that, I'm coming in. So you better hope you're at the dragon by that point. I start off. Come back and tug. (whispers) Jenga.",Investigation
Perception,"towards the base. You see portions of the ground where elements of the acrid liquid that filled the pool over here just dripped in. Whether they began this way or turned by the dragon's presence, you are unaware. But that's as far as you can see. Further along the wall, that little rock-- yeah. And just a little bit past it. And then closer to you. At this point, you can make out that additional pool of acid, the far back corner and a risen platform, you see the portion of the cavernous stone beginning to mass into a higher level towards the far back corner. I listen.",Stealth
Perception,"ranged attacks-- Are at disadvantage again, right? Unless it's five foot. Is it five foot, or is it melee? Trying to remember. I think it's five feet. But regardless, it's close to you, it's bad news. If Trinket gets up, does that use any of my stuff? Trinket can move freely-- Trinket can move independently of you. So Trinket is going to get up. It's half-movement, yeah. And he's going to bite Umbrasyl's tail to try to distract him, so I can run between his legs. Okay. So Trinket's going to go ahead and--",Athletics
Athletics,"Trying to remember how this works. College of Lore. I don't know if it is. Because what you do is you grapple-- Oh, no, it's a War Caster feature. Oh, War Caster! Thank you, that clarifies it. I was like, I don't see this in the College of Lore! You're confusing me! So as a War Caster, when a hostile creature's movement provokes an opportunity attack from you, you can use your reaction to cast a spell at the creature rather than making an opportunity attack. So yeah, if you wanted to go ahead and attempt to grapple-- I will grapple him and pull him back down. You can totally attempt that. Bigby, go",Athletics
Investigation,"I'm not pygmied or anything, I'm like a doll. Keep it going, Keyleth. Just mug down with him. Maybe this should wait till later? I tap him on the face, and say: So glad you're not dead. And I walk away. I'm going to shake that off, and then I'm going to do a once around the entire chamber and look around for any traps I can find, especially around that pile up top, but also, I don't know that they'll be here, but see if there's anything like what we saw in Krieg's cave with the crystals in the wall. Little peeky stones.",Investigation
Nature,"Empty vials for blood? We should get some of the blood and put it in the Bag of Colding. Hey, Percy! So glad you're alive and not burning in acid. Do you have any extra vials? Do I? Checking in your various pieces of equipment you have on you, as opposed to what you have stored elsewhere, you had a few vials. They are a little jangly when you reach for them, and you realize they've been crushed. We have some empty potion bottles. I hand mine over from the one I gave Vex. The one I used as well.",Nature
Nature,"We should get some of the blood and put it in the Bag of Colding. Hey, Percy! So glad you're alive and not burning in acid. Do you have any extra vials? Do I? Checking in your various pieces of equipment you have on you, as opposed to what you have stored elsewhere, you had a few vials. They are a little jangly when you reach for them, and you realize they've been crushed. We have some empty potion bottles. I hand mine over from the one I gave Vex. The one I used as well. Go ahead and make a nature check.",Nature
Investigation,"What about the gold? Did we find out how much gold? We're about to find out. Well, okay, I'm definitely doing that while they're working on the dragon. We'll work on the scales. As you guys are working on the scales-- I want to work most of-- I want to take as much as I can-- Of the scales? Okay, that's fine. Hide, dragonhide, we'll say. Scales themselves are just little pieces, used more for alchemical elements, can be removed from hide later, so we'll call it hide. So I want you to go ahead and make an",Stealth
Arcana,"There are a number that could fit smaller folked fingers I'll take a sapphire. Okay, that's about a 400 gold worth sapphire ring. ""Oh! This one's nice!"" So note the 25 pounds' worth of gems. You could attempt to ascertain their worth later. You don't have the materials, nor the actual personal knowledge to figure out exactly how much those gems are worth at the moment. You do also find a bunch of art and fine decor, brass and gold statues that were pulled out of homes, some art pieces, silverware--",Persuasion
Arcana,"the stuff? Have we done that already? We have the Hunk of Quall. I'll go ahead and, here, I hand Scanlan the Hunk of Quall Isn't Quall's Hunk just for Quall's stuff? Or is it for everything? It just finds magical things, right? I thought it was just for his special stuff. It finds things with magical essences. Scanlan, she's metaphorically handing you the Quall. Here, do you want the Hunk of Quall? Do you want to hang onto it? Sure, I'll Quall it.",Arcana
Investigation,"the Quall. Here, do you want the Hunk of Quall? Do you want to hang onto it? Sure, I'll Quall it. Okay, make an arcana check. Ooh! 20. It sparks for a second, then goes dark again. Looking at it, it seems like whatever it was designed to find, it has found and expended most of its temporary enchantment. Lame. Boo. So it doesn't do anything. So then I'll scan through the stuff, looking for magical dope items--",Arcana
Arcana,"Hold on! His large size allows him to push through large swaths of the pile of coins. You do pull through what appears to be a very, very fine ceramic jug that has runes carved along the sides, and it rightfully should have broken under the weight of most of the metal that had been placed upon it or shifted around. It's almost all broken anyway. No! Do any of us recognise the type of runes-- That really seems right up your alley, buddy, but I think-- Can I try reading the runes?",Arcana
Arcana,"large swaths of the pile of coins. You do pull through what appears to be a very, very fine ceramic jug that has runes carved along the sides, and it rightfully should have broken under the weight of most of the metal that had been placed upon it or shifted around. It's almost all broken anyway. No! Do any of us recognise the type of runes-- That really seems right up your alley, buddy, but I think-- Can I try reading the runes? You may. Go ahead and make an arcana check. Actually, yeah, this would be arcana.",Arcana
Investigation,"protect Vex's feet. (laughter) Okay! Vax? So in the middle of the night, I'd like to swing by the kitchen-- I'm sleeping with them tucked up under me. I'm going to sleep like, you know how little kids sleep with their butts in the air and their feet are tucked under them? That's how I'm-- yeah. (laughs) Okay! Okay. I go by the kitchen and I get a mug of water and some spices. Just some various, simple stuff-- I'd like to sneak into my sister's room. I'd like to check the door for traps.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"Grog can officiate. Be fair. I will! But vote for me. Okay. Who's up first? Who's going first? Alphabetical order. Keyleth! Oh sure. So, Keyleth. You go ahead and swim up, take some time back, rush forward, leap. Make an-- We've had a short rest, right? Correct.",Athletics
Athletics,"Be fair. I will! But vote for me. Okay. Who's up first? Who's going first? Alphabetical order. Keyleth! Oh sure. So, Keyleth. You go ahead and swim up, take some time back, rush forward, leap. Make an-- We've had a short rest, right? Correct. Okay. Acrobatics check?",Athletics
Athletics,"Do you have your gauntlets on or not? Yeah. So you're just like-- Naked with gauntlets. You're not wearing anything? Nope! But you can't see her naughty bits because they glow with heavenly light. Here come the artists! The sound of 10,000 pens hitting paper. So this strong, stout, powerful gnomish female form steps out of the water with these large gauntlets with an ogre face across the back. Looms up, gets a good distance, turns around,",Perception
Athletics,"Percy. I'm not done, I'm still working on something. Oh, wait, you should have gone before me. I'm sorry. I'm working on something, you go next. I've got a pot and some cloth, and a whole thing-- Oh, I'm the only one that's left? No, I'm here too! L, M, N, P, Q, R, S. That's me! Oh boy. Sorry I jumped you, Percy-- He was gone, that's why. I'm going to take a flying leap and jump in while cannonballing.",Athletics
Athletics,"(laughter) And what is essentially a giant cheesecloth teabag of raw sodium in an oil holding base. You are aware of what will happen when I hit the water? Yep. Okay, cool. I grab the kettle. I put it to my chest. I take a run, and I leap into-- Isn't this is detrimental to your health?! Yes, this is a terrible idea. Do not do this. Do not do this. You will die. And I take a run and jump head into the-- (shouting) Percy, no!",Athletics
Athletics,"All right. I take my broom. Here comes the bellyflop-- I know, right? I fly 20 feet up. As high as the ceiling. How high is the ceiling? Not that high. I get to the top of the ceiling. Okay, it's about 15, 20 feet up from the water's surface. All right. I stand up on the broom. Ceiling's right above you. You're having to hunch forward a little bit. And right as I cannonball off of the broom, I release Trinket out of the necklace too so (shouting) double cannonball!",Athletics
Athletics,"I know, right? I fly 20 feet up. As high as the ceiling. How high is the ceiling? Not that high. I get to the top of the ceiling. Okay, it's about 15, 20 feet up from the water's surface. All right. I stand up on the broom. Ceiling's right above you. You're having to hunch forward a little bit. And right as I cannonball off of the broom, I release Trinket out of the necklace too so (shouting) double cannonball! As you leap off, make an athletics check. 13!",Athletics
Perception,"breakfast, make your way outside of the mansion, back into the dragon's den. Is there anything else you wish to do before you leave? As you can only take the amount of gold that you retrieved, and the items you could farm, the rest will have to be left behind, hopefully to be retrieved at some point down the line by either the remnants of Westruun or yourselves. I'll just say that I've attuned to all my old shit while everyone was swimming. Okay. Cool. Yeah, yeah. I carved a pretty little heart on the side of one of the boots just to make it extra girly.",Persuasion
Perception,"(laughter) Good kill. Good kill. All right, all right, all right. I'm taking a moment to pay my respects to the dead. Okay. I do the same. I'm attuning Fassbender. And working on getting the chain removed from him. Keyleth takes a minute to Druidcraft some wildflowers around the pyre. Okay. As you guys are taking this break, Vex, you notice a small group of individuals walking from the town in your direction. Make a",Stealth
Insight,"risk of staying. Also the dragons know that the last dragon who came here died. I think the dragons' motives have probably shifted by now, and where the dragons might not be interested in plundering anymore, instead might be interested in any city that we are in. Which, I imagine we're leaving soon, anyway. Yeah, they might not believe we'd be here, but they also might try to-- Kerr, are you an honest man? I've been called an honest man.",Insight
Insight,"Also the dragons know that the last dragon who came here died. I think the dragons' motives have probably shifted by now, and where the dragons might not be interested in plundering anymore, instead might be interested in any city that we are in. Which, I imagine we're leaving soon, anyway. Yeah, they might not believe we'd be here, but they also might try to-- Kerr, are you an honest man? I've been called an honest man. I insight check him!",Insight
Insight,"probably shifted by now, and where the dragons might not be interested in plundering anymore, instead might be interested in any city that we are in. Which, I imagine we're leaving soon, anyway. Yeah, they might not believe we'd be here, but they also might try to-- Kerr, are you an honest man? I've been called an honest man. I insight check him! Can I insight check-- Oh yeah, you do that. (laughter)",Insight
Perception,"getting nice and liquored up, and happiness has ensued. Some folks pull out some meager instruments. There aren't a lot of extremely practiced bards, so your ears tweak a little at the sound of imperfect music, but there is honesty and joy coming from it, so you choose not to lend any sort of constructive criticism to the performers. (laughter) You sent the last of the decent bards out of town. It's all on you. Can I hang out outside? I want to keep my eye on the skies. Yeah, not a worry. Go ahead and make a",Perception
Persuasion,"have money elsewhere, and you'll figure it out. (laughter) You hear, ""Hmph!"" New money. (laughter) Old magic! Old magic, new money from ivory towers. I would urge you to stay. I would urge you to leave, collect your people and return. I would urge for one city not to be wiped from the map. And anything we can do to make this at least livable while it is rebuilt, we will do our best to help. (sighs) It is such a victory for them if Westruun falls. And I sit back down.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"the town as a whole. I am not sure-- to a certain extent, I'll be led what is needed by the town. If-- ""What we need is a decision."" If I may, If I may, I'm so sorry, I know everyone's talking here. A city is not just a collection of houses and streets. It is a person of itself. And we can't go dividing it right now. Everyone should stay here. Everyone should be a me, Keyleth, and one of your own, Pike, will definitely travel to Kymal to spread the word, if you give us a list of your ancestors, family members, friends, we can get word to all of them very quickly.",Persuasion
Investigation,"the interior of Kymal enough oxen, horses, and other beasts to bring most of the current carts back with you. That was the only real barrier, because Kymal was like, ""We can't help you guys ""for free."" Now there's gold, people are like, ""Oh! Well, let's talk."" Charity only goes so far. But you do feel through this trip that you've definitely made an impact, and most of the people, at least over the next week or so, will be outfitted with the proper materials, food for the journey, and be able to make their way back towards Westruun. And I will also go to look for Dr. Dra and Kaylie at some point.",Persuasion
Stealth,"sense of hope, with materials, goods, food being redistributed amongst the refugees, it appears there is a direction for the future of Westruun that you've set into place. As you guys gather the rest of your things, Keyleth, you take an evening's rest with the troupe, and the next morning return back to Westruun. Something I wanted to do last night. In all the hubbub that's going on in Westruun, I spend some time to find my sister, and I wanted to stealth up on her. Easy enough to do while they're out and about taking their rest with the group in Kymal, while you guys are still helping rebuilding. So",Stealth
Investigation,"(laughter) Do you have any idea where he's been off to? ""I haven't seen him leave."" (hammering noises) Well, I'm going to pop in and check really quickly, just letting you know. ""Your funeral."" (hammering noises) I gingerly open the door. Can I check for traps? Attaboy. You may.",Investigation
Religion,"a natural tremble stepping into a place of powerful divine influence that is not the warm comfort of Sarenrae, which has protected you before. Now, you understand the way many deities work in these lands, and your place in it, and Sarenrae's place in it, and you know enough about the Raven Queen to know that this is not an unwelcome place, per se.",Religion
Arcana,"before the glass, somewhat translucent material shifts into the next chamber, into an almost deep gray and ivory ice-like interior. The dark, coal-black exterior you've seen now transitions into what feels like a very finely-carved piece of architecture from ice and bone. Do I get the sense as a druid, as an Ashari, that we've switched into another plane?",Arcana
Deception,"and get something drawn for this. They have those? They do, they cut it out. Milady, you are a master of your trade. Oh, boy. ""Well. So they tell me."" Our mom only gave us 60 gold to spend. Could you give us both hats for 60? We're brothers. (laughter) Something went wrong with him at birth.",Deception
Perception,"Whoa, it's so heavy. (all but Taliesin laugh) What is the world coming to? Is it as tall as she is? You can see the bottom of her mouth. Oh, Grog. Oh, yeah, look. Wait, turn around 180 degrees and then run as fast as you can. Oh, yeah, go! Go! Go! Go, Pike! Go, go! (clapping) Go, Pike! Go, Pike! Go, Pike!",Athletics
Perception,"when he comes in? It's going to be late. I'm going to walk quiet and late and go tinker on a little thing for a minute until I pass out. Okay. You do notice Percy enter. Looks a little frazzled, but doesn't seem to-- Do I see any of the blood? Passive perception? You're in the tubby town, though.",Perception
History,"sunken with the lost ship, The Shrew. (sing-song) The Shrew? (deep voice) The Shrew. A storm three hundred years ago near an island of glass. Anyone know about the island of glass? Have you heard about an island of glass? Have I heard about an island of glass? Have Pike or I heard of an island of glass? I'll have both of you guys",History
Perception,"What does it do? You will find out when I present it. All right. Everyone else going to rest? No. I ran out of dinner super fast and I ran outside of Vax's room and I took the jug and I whispered into it, ""oil,"" and I poured one quart of oil on the ground outside of his door. Looked around real quick. Is there anyone in the hallway?",Investigation
Perception,"Please don't ever do that to me again. I love you so much. And if you do, you will never use that wink on me again. It is not for me. All right. Just... he's charming, but both eyes open, please. I don't know what you are talking about. Yeah, the fuck you don't. I'm going to go to my room now and see if I splat on the floor.",Insight
Insight,"elbows on the edge. ""Some time has passed, Vax. ""And much of the world moves on to newer, greater threats. ""But true pain never really heals."" He turns to you and steps up to you, looking you close in the face. ""You hurt me deeply. And continue to hurt. ""Agony, for weeks, months. ""Pain I had never experienced. ""(deepening to a growl) It's all I can think about.""",Insight
Stealth,"It's the Valomilk one. We are in Armageddon! What are you doing? We're trying weird candy, too. That wall? That moving wall? Gives a little (sucking sound). Out! Wait! Should we stealth? Let's stealth out of here. Quietly! It's busted. Is the door to the studio open to the hallway? Yeah, it's cracked open. Yeah, we want to try to be as quiet as possible.",Stealth
Stealth,"climb the leg sticking up so I can see around the lot-- You know where you are, right? You're outside the building of ADR5, the leg is 50 yards. It's not that far! Really? It doesn't look that far. It's a block. Should be a block. All right. You can stealth over there. Y'all can. Or just one person. I'm going to gently stealth towards the valet. You're in a new time or dimension. You're",Stealth
Investigation,"Why didn't you do that earlier? Because it was moving earlier. This is weird! Is this helping your headache at all? Your headache is a little better. It's not gone, but it's better. Feeling better. Oh my gosh, this is really freaking weird. Let's get out of here. You have all your knives? I've got my daggers, I've got my backpack, let's get out of here. Do we see any golf carts or our cars left?",Persuasion
Athletics,"No, it's the fake Brooklyn building. What do you want to climb? Whatever's sturdy! I don't know what's sturdy. What looks the sturdiest? You can certainly have a go, was that it? You can certainly have at it! Fake Town is like a canyon covered in green. The tower is a hump. There are plenty of vines on it. You could give it a try, try and climb up a vine. I'm pretty good at climbing. It's less scary than the absolute straight up. Yeah, I'm going to try to climb the thing.",Athletics
Survival,"Part of the problem is that the vines are breaking away in your hand, so you can't get a firm grip on it. See? It looks a little dangerous. I don't know if you should go up there. Wait, maybe if we try to cut through the vines and get into the doors. They have those awful little stairs inside these buildings, anyway. We could maybe just climb up inside. Use the sword on the door? On the vines to get to the door. Yeah, I bushwhack them. On the side of Fake Town, you mean? Is",Survival
Stealth,"way in here. And you do see wooden stairs. Obviously not a Brooklyn building because it was all fake when they made this, whenever they made it. But there is wooden stairs going up. Want to go up? Do we go up? You go up. You're light. We stay down here. Okay. I'm not going to let her go up there by herself! No, it's okay. I'm small. I'll be quiet. I'm gonna try to be as quiet as possible and climb the stairs.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"here. Okay. I'm not going to let her go up there by herself! No, it's okay. I'm small. I'll be quiet. I'm gonna try to be as quiet as possible and climb the stairs. Okay, make a stealth check. Take your phone and text us! Our phones don't work, stupid. Well, maybe text still works. Text doesn't work here. (whispers) What is that, what does that add to? 22!",Acrobatics
Animal Handling,"I'm not going to let her go up there by herself! No, it's okay. I'm small. I'll be quiet. I'm gonna try to be as quiet as possible and climb the stairs. Okay, make a stealth check. Take your phone and text us! Our phones don't work, stupid. Well, maybe text still works. Text doesn't work here. (whispers) What is that, what does that add to? 22! Okay. Now make an acrobatics check. Oh, come on! 15!",Acrobatics
Investigation,"Noah's coming. Should we try to get outside and see what's in the cafeteria? Yeah, of course. How close are we, at this point? Super close. You're just in the building one or two doors down. We've got to climb down? And do we have to traverse ooze to get to it? I don't know. Got to get out there. Is there anything linking the rooftops of the two buildings? Any old power lines or power poles that may have fallen over? This is not Tomb Raider.",Investigation
Athletics,"So maybe we should just get down to the ground. Okay, but before we go, Laura, grab that dagger of yours. Why don't you cut off that vine? That way we'll have at least a rope we can use for something. Good fucking call, Sam! I cut some vine off, and I wrap it up like a little whip on my side, there. I have a jump rope in my gym bag. Okay. That's six feet, right? Eight feet? Yeah, it's like seven. No, six feet. How long's this vine that we can cut down here?",Athletics
Survival,"So now you have a rough idea of where it was. It wasn't exactly dead center. It was past center from where you guys are. All right. So wait, there's no ooze? Not as much. From where he's standing, all he sees is green. If you look to the right, you do see there's schmear on the sides of the canyon walls. Like, bagel schmear? Yeah. No. Snot from the sky. Are there any loose pieces of wood sitting around in the building? Can we rip some of the siding off?",Investigation
Perception,"dimensions of these canyon walls, you're like, I think that the commissary is over this way. You start to make your way through there, and as Sam is stepping, a snap. You step on something that snaps like a twig, and you hear all around you, rustling. And you're seeing, almost when you see a squirrel in the ivy or something, the plants on the wall start shaking, and you see a flash of yellow fabric up on the side (rustling sounds). (gasps) Oh shit! Shit! I jump off of your back and I take off running. Towards what? Towards where I think the cafeteria is.",Perception
Perception,"Towards where I think the cafeteria is. Okay, make a perception check. Looking for the door. You're stealing my dog? Yep! I'm protecting your dog! A perception check? Eight. Plus anything? That is it. You are wandering with a dog in your hand, and you're like, ""It's here."" Laura, where are you going? I see my wife take off running, and I turn around and I elbow Taliesin in the head, and I take off running after her!",Perception
Medicine,"I have an arm again? Yeah. Damn, that Matt is so powerful. Level 20, yo. He was at level 20?! Fuck. He needs to be nerfed. Am I too close for a ranged weapon attack? No, you're not too close, but you probably want to get clear of Laura. Don't hit me. Not knowing what's going on with Laura, I'll use my movement to quickly give her mouth to mouth. Because I think she's frozen. She might be hyperventilating.",Medicine
Deception,"My parents did a number on me. I think I'd be okay. I would hide. I wouldn't have gone out anywhere, really. My parents assumed I was gonna usher in the apocalypse. They're still waiting for it, really. Was there anything on your character sheets tonight that you did not get to do, but wish you had done? I was trying to kill Sam. That wasn't on your sheet, was it? Look at it! It was at the bottom of the sheet. Liam wrote it in! What?",Stealth
Athletics,"and in that split second, in a millisecond, I think, ""he's gone to all this trouble to get me here, ""the door behind me could very well be locked. ""Also, he knows everything. He knows about Whitestone. ""If he leaves, he can tell the Conclave ""and if I run, he's gone."" So instead... he's right in front of me, yeah? Okay. I would like to grapple him. Okay. All right.",Athletics
Perception,"That's an action? Okay, then... I'll stay where I am. Okay. All right. No, sorry! Sorry, sorry (mutters). At the top of my lungs I scream, not just in my earring but loud enough for every guard and person in the castle. I scream, ""Assassins, western tower and the courtyard! ""Jenga!"" All right. Can I have all of you guys",Stealth
Athletics,"I’m going to skirt along on his side, the rakshasa’s side, and shout out, ""It’s not Gilmore, it’s a fucking demon!"" at Scanlan, and then I’m going to use my first action to try to disarm kitty-cat. Meow. Okay. All right. What is that? Disarm him? Go ahead and make... go ahead and make an attack roll - or no, for this one,",Athletics
Athletics,"(throwing sounds) The axe slams into the tiger creature’s chest. ""(growls, breathes heavily) I’ll come back for all of you!"" Do you want to pull the blade back? Nope. All right. It’s on the ground next to him, it’s not jammed into him - Oh, then yeah, I’ll pull it back. Yeah, it’s not hard to pull back. Just (whoosh). Go ahead",Athletics
Perception,"Yeah, how did that happen? Can I take a look at the robe? As you attempt to take the robe off, you feel like the strength is sapped from your body and you’re like (raspy groan). And the more you try to pull it off, the more and more you start to feel like it’s pulling the breath out of your lungs. Can I try to rip it off of him? Ah, wait wait wait wait wait - let’s figure out what’s going on! Do I see anything? Can I land?",Investigation
Perception,"he seemed to think he could use your help. ""Let's go have a look, then."" And so they go ahead and they walk back with you. I'm going to catch up. You get a head start. I'm just going to get some more coffee. (laughs) It's good coffee. You hear a whisper from the coffee mug saying, ""I own you."" (all laugh) I know you do, darling. I know you do.",Perception
Medicine,"and see as Allura sits back with a slight chuckle next to Vex, as you see both Grog and Kima manhandling a very exhausted-looking Vax in the center of the hallway. Oh, it's funny to you, eh? What are you guys looking for? Oh, Vax doesn't feel well. He shit and puked all over the area in the back. Oh no! Can I check him? Was it the crab cakes? I didn't have those.",Medicine
Medicine,"""Oh."" Very intense look over. Physically, there does not appear to be any ailment to him, whatsoever. There are traces of exhaustion in him, and you do have a point of exhaustion, by the way, for a lack of evening's rest. But there's no signs of onset of splotchiness or diseases. There's no pulsing or darkened vein marks. Nothing physical. No poison? What did you try on him, Pike?",Medicine
Medicine,"pushing through Vax refuse while nobody else has thought to actually come and stop you when they've already figured out what the problem was. That's fine. Hey, Percy! He still feels bad, keep looking! Hey, Percy, you find anything? Sorry, haven't found anything yet, Percy. Keep going. It might be clues. It will take - if I don't see anything in 3 minutes -",Medicine
Acrobatics,"- and I hope you have been, too. Yes. I have been thinking about it so much. About this time, I take the limes and I go, ""(shouting) Hey, Pike! Look! Fun!"" As I juggle them. I'm having fun! (forced laughter) I'm proud of you! I feel that this is a skill check. No. I spent too long in high school learning how to juggle. Skill check.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Off the table now. Off the table. Nothing. (others continue to laugh) All right. Well. I'm sorry. I just have to let you down. It's really okay. (laughs) All right. All right, well. Oh! Hugs? Just a friend hug. Of course. Of course. Careful you don't get velcroed to her shoulders.",Acrobatics
Perception,"And keep them safe, and keep yourself safe, please? (sighs) Let's all be safe. To that. Cheers. Cheers, and god, I hope they're making out in the next hour. Same. God, wouldn't that be lovely. I float down and kick Grog in the head and then float back up. Ow!",Perception
Perception,"Already? Where are we? It's beautiful. I feel like we got drugged. This is fantastic. Is anyone else seeing the colors and the shapes and the-- Oh, it's everything I could have hoped for. I want to live here. It's amazing. Okay. Well, I have no idea how to get our bearings here, unfortunately. Well. Is there any sign of any bit of civilization or construction?",Investigation
History,"Do Vex and I have memories of these from our tutoring in Elftown? Not particularly. Nothing about it strikes you as part of the general Feywild lore. There are structures that have been built throughout periods of time, some of which have fallen to ruin. Nature in the Feywild tends to reclaim things that aren't natural if left to their own devices. But the lights, we never heard anything about those lights? (whispering) Will-o'-wisps. Well, Liam knows that, but I'm asking if Vax does. I would say, have both of you guys roll",History
Stealth,"entities that were the lost souls of individuals that died under tragic circumstances in swamps and bogs and in heavily wooded areas. However, those entities are usually larger and are drawn towards sources of life. The fact that these are much smaller and tend to fade at your arrival means either they're not will-o'-wisps at all, or a different kind you haven't encountered. That's as much information that you can deal with. I wonder if they're fairy folk. Maybe. Now, don't touch. We'll stay 11 paces away. Okay.",Stealth
Athletics,"different kind you haven't encountered. That's as much information that you can deal with. I wonder if they're fairy folk. Maybe. Now, don't touch. We'll stay 11 paces away. Okay. I'd like you both to make stealth checks if you could. Okay. Anybody else going up with them, or is just the two of them? Oh, fuck those pieces of bait. Can I climb a tree? Close by.",Athletics
History,"Inner corner or outer corner? The corner is facing you guys, so you're on the outside of where the structure would have been. It's a ruin? Or are there walls that continue on? This is a ruin, but most of it's been torn down and it's not visible. Sections of walls available. The largest piece is currently the corner you're facing. Interesting. Go ahead. I'm going to sit and quietly sketch for a moment. I'm taking everything down. Can I do a check to see if I can recognize who might've built this stone structure?",History
Perception,"All right. Does it look safe? The canopy is very thick, and only in these small little patches of meadow, like the one that you entered and had all the little pools in it, and the one that you're entering now which has the ruin, have little breaks in the canopy where you can actually see the sky. Otherwise, it's very thick, so actually flying through the canopy, unless you're going very slowly, is going to be whipping you and probably knocking you off. Can I see from my height, can I see a better view of the ruins and everything? You can make your way up there a little bit.",Nature
Nature,"The canopy is very thick, and only in these small little patches of meadow, like the one that you entered and had all the little pools in it, and the one that you're entering now which has the ruin, have little breaks in the canopy where you can actually see the sky. Otherwise, it's very thick, so actually flying through the canopy, unless you're going very slowly, is going to be whipping you and probably knocking you off. Can I see from my height, can I see a better view of the ruins and everything? You can make your way up there a little bit. Make a perception check. Keyleth, you approach the ruin to get a closer look at the plants? Make a",Nature
Stealth,"The vine has retracted, and as you set it towards the vine, it tumbles off. And actually the flower, you see now as you reach down, it has turned from a beautiful white and has immediately withered into a black, dried husk. Wow. We've been here five minutes. I was going to press it and keep it. I'm not lying. We should probably hide! Where was once silence, you hear the rushing of leaves as the canopy's beginning to close over, like the trees are leaning in and the actual branches themselves are starting to close up the gap in space on the sky. I'm going stealth! Ducking into the grass!",Stealth
Perception,"I don't know. Maybe. Would it be safe for you to see her again and maybe ask for her to cure our friend here or would you-- Is she dangerous to be around? Well, she didn't blind me. What'd she do to you? That's none of your business. Well, I worry if we go try to talk to her if it's not her, then she could blind all of us. I don't know. My chick didn't blind me, so if she did, I think we need to kill her. I'm going to take out my Dragonslayer Longsword and stand up and start using it as a cane. Find my way to Grog and poke him with it.",Persuasion
Stealth,"She left no traces! She was in the water before. Does anyone want to come with me to the water? I'll come with you to the water. I'll go with you. You're not going anywhere! Trinket! I'll go get your eyes back! Okay. All right. I cautiously make my way down. How far is the water? Can I see it from where I am now? Yeah. It's about maybe ten feet from you. All right, I'll stealthily make my way ten feet towards it.",Stealth
Persuasion,"Does this look like the pool I came into on the other side? Make an intelligence check. (laughter) 11. You were distracted for the brief time you spent over here, but it does appear to be similar. Similar? Remember her name? No! Did she have a name? Her name was Nymph! Why don't you call out her name? O Nymph! Where thee art thou?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"""Oh! Feyspecks. They are small entities that care to the underbrush of the forests here. ""They're not dangerous."" Do they lead you anywhere? ""I'm sure they lead you many places, though none of them may be where you're trying to go. I ""wouldn't trust them to guide you. They themselves are very deceptive and trickery-loving entities. ""But they help me keep the glade in the forest."" I was wondering if you have any sort of-- you're very well-versed with this area. Any form of protection you could offer us or recommend to us as we move forward in this confusing land? Any last bit of advice.",Persuasion
Perception,"really. What is the matter with you? And I walk off. Still angry at you. We should fix you. Consider that payback. (laughter) Is there any rocks or debris or little pebbles around on the ground? Yeah. There's plenty of stone debris. I'll take a small pebble. Pike, you really should do what you can to help Percy. All right. And I toss the pebble at his face. (laughter) Missile snare? With disadvantage?",Persuasion
Perception,"another wet willie! (yelps) See? I got you even when you had your eyes. I'll make you a deal. All right, what? Come here. What? Can we start moving forward? Yeah, we leave them. All right. We'll keep moving. You guys catch up with the rest of the party, who's now moved on ahead. Making your way through this thick forest, I would like you all to",Perception
Perception,"(yelps) See? I got you even when you had your eyes. I'll make you a deal. All right, what? Come here. What? Can we start moving forward? Yeah, we leave them. All right. We'll keep moving. You guys catch up with the rest of the party, who's now moved on ahead. Making your way through this thick forest, I would like you all to make a perception check.",Perception
Perception,"See? I got you even when you had your eyes. I'll make you a deal. All right, what? Come here. What? Can we start moving forward? Yeah, we leave them. All right. We'll keep moving. You guys catch up with the rest of the party, who's now moved on ahead. Making your way through this thick forest, I would like you all to make a perception check. Perception check?",Perception
Perception,"a loop or that we simply in an area of the Feywild that is eternal dusk. Does it feel like we're moving forward? She said it was two days' travel. Two dusks' travel. So we have to pass a dusk, at least. That could be years. It could. Do you think it's safe if I fly up and look at the sky? No, but you might as well. Nothing's safe. Do I see any birds or anything like that in the sky? Any wildlife? Any critters?",Perception
Perception,"here within this part of the Feywild. I'm going to try flying up. All right, I'm going to try flying up above the canopy. Okay. You come up above the canopy. Have to maneuver around some of the larger branches, and these trees are tall. You probably get yourself a hundred feet up before you finally break the canopy, and as you coast over the top you can see now before you, this forest is vast. The majority of it behind you, and you can actually see what appears to be the edge of the forest's line maybe about ten miles up, and past that you can see rolling grass hills before a mountain line. You can see in the distance, a very far",Perception
Perception,"dangerous it probably is, and the older it is, the more dangerous it probably is. What, things get prettier as they get older here? That's not fair. Just the men. Damn it. All right, let's keep going, then. Okay. You guys push on for another three or so hours-- We're not out of the tree line yet? At the pace you guys are walking, you just begin to push outside of the trees. It was hard gauging the distance from that period of time  that was the rough estimate based on the",Perception
Perception,"that was the rough estimate based on the perception roll. You begin to watch the tree line thin a bit. There's still many trees around you, but the density's beginning to scatter, and you're beginning to see more and more light let through from the treetops, and the trees themselves are not as tall as they were towards the central bulk of the forest. Vex, you do catch to your left side something that sounds like at first a little hiss, but instead it comes to your ear as a chuckle. Hello? What? Did you hear something? Is somebody there?",Perception
Perception,"We still haven't hit that tree line? You're past the tree line. You're in the grass, but it's hard to really gauge, since you have no sun in the sky and you don't have a central timepiece of any kind. Do we feel tired? Well, hold on. Can I spin around and see if the grass we've been trampling on is leaving a trail? No. None. No trail. It's like you never stepped through behind you. The grasses parted where you walked through, and then, looking behind, it's like you were dropped in the middle of a field. Is anything following us?",Investigation
Perception,"No. None. No trail. It's like you never stepped through behind you. The grasses parted where you walked through, and then, looking behind, it's like you were dropped in the middle of a field. Is anything following us? Make a perception check. There was that kid that we talked to. Good call. A deathly eight. There was a creature in the woods. That you saw? I saw it. Nothing. We're good!",Perception
Perception,"stepped through behind you. The grasses parted where you walked through, and then, looking behind, it's like you were dropped in the middle of a field. Is anything following us? Make a perception check. There was that kid that we talked to. Good call. A deathly eight. There was a creature in the woods. That you saw? I saw it. Nothing. We're good! Can I perception check?",Perception
Perception,"strange, city-like series of structures at the base of that mountain range. Yeah. Let's set up shop, drop. Can I fly up on the broom and see if I can see anything in the field around us or look for any movement in the grass? Don't forget your hat! I put my fucking hat on. It suits you. It's lovely. I'm going to use my optics to try and sketch what I can of the city for the moment and get a general idea of it, sitting down and starting to get an idea of it. And does it look like anything from my sister and my memory?",Perception
Insight,"but the eyes are piercing ice blue as he looks back into yours. ""Nothing."" Nothing at all? ""Just taking notes."" On those people up there? ""Yes."" Oh. Interesting. ""Because why not?"" Why not? You know, you probably could get a better view of them if you were riding on this broom. ""You see, if you're worried, it's not me you need to worry about. It's him."" And points past your shoulder. I'm not looking. I'm not falling for that!",Insight
Insight,"back into yours. ""Nothing."" Nothing at all? ""Just taking notes."" On those people up there? ""Yes."" Oh. Interesting. ""Because why not?"" Why not? You know, you probably could get a better view of them if you were riding on this broom. ""You see, if you're worried, it's not me you need to worry about. It's him."" And points past your shoulder. I'm not looking. I'm not falling for that! Nope! Can I insight check him and see?",Insight
Perception,"ever had chicken? It's so wonderful. ""Chicken?"" Also a bath. If you happen to lead us where we want to go. ""Where do you want to go?"" We'll tell you in a little bit. Yeah. Crack out the door, homie. All right. And to sweeten the offer, after you've had dinner with us and we send you on your way, perhaps we will consider giving you your book back. Perhaps. I fly off, and I go grab the quill.",Persuasion
Investigation,"And to sweeten the offer, after you've had dinner with us and we send you on your way, perhaps we will consider giving you your book back. Perhaps. I fly off, and I go grab the quill. Make a perception check. That quill fell in the center of a tall grass field. I didn't even make it into the square. It was pathetic. 27? You spend the better part of the next 20 minutes realizing that there is no way you're finding this quill amongst the grass. This is the needle in a hay factory. Can I pat him down for any weapons?",Perception
Deception,"like little gold trinkets. This is not really a talent of yours, is it? Are we talking klepto stealing, or career? ""I take things that look nice that I think I would want."" Where do you steal these things? Are you a pickpocket? ""I am no simple street thief. I am a procurer of wayward items and objects that need a ""better home."" I think you should know that this door that you walked through in this big house, if you steal anything, it shreds you into ribbons when you leave.",Persuasion
Insight,"do it. But you're usually so picky about details. What if he asks us to steal somebody? We're talking about a pantsless cartoonist in the middle of fairy land. We agree to the deal, we present it, and then we're there. If we can't steal the things, then the deal is off. ""It's that simple. We both go our separate ways, and good luck finding the Shademirk on your own."" It's kismet, in my opinion. Well, I trust you, Percy, if you think it's smart.",Investigation
Insight,"We're talking about a pantsless cartoonist in the middle of fairy land. We agree to the deal, we present it, and then we're there. If we can't steal the things, then the deal is off. ""It's that simple. We both go our separate ways, and good luck finding the Shademirk on your own."" It's kismet, in my opinion. Well, I trust you, Percy, if you think it's smart. Can I insight check Percy? Because he's acting a little strange. Same.",Insight
Insight,"We agree to the deal, we present it, and then we're there. If we can't steal the things, then the deal is off. ""It's that simple. We both go our separate ways, and good luck finding the Shademirk on your own."" It's kismet, in my opinion. Well, I trust you, Percy, if you think it's smart. Can I insight check Percy? Because he's acting a little strange. Same. You can make an insight check, but he's not acting too far out of his normal place here.",Insight
Insight,"the hut. Avoid the hut. No hut! ""Two. Avoid the Last Campsite of Sorudun the Happy."" Sounds nice. Yeah, that sounds fun. ""Avoid it. Trust me, avoid it. If there's a campsite that's empty, looks happy? Avoid it. And ""three, avoid the theater."" I love the theater! Oh, that's good advice, actually. ""Avoid the theater."" Just in general, the theater? ""In general. I hate all theater. Let's avoid the theater, please!""",Insight
Sleight of Hand,"""Take."" He holds his drink out for you to fill again. How many fingers am I holding up? ""I don't care. Thank you. Now, the deal is made, drink's been had, introductions have been ""properly given. I think it's time for bed."" He takes two steps forward, (thud) face-first in the center of the main area, and starts snoring loudly. Maybe we should move him to a safe location that we can lock. With those 20 guards, right, Scanlan? Can I take his ocarina? Just for the night?",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"""I don't care. Thank you. Now, the deal is made, drink's been had, introductions have been ""properly given. I think it's time for bed."" He takes two steps forward, (thud) face-first in the center of the main area, and starts snoring loudly. Maybe we should move him to a safe location that we can lock. With those 20 guards, right, Scanlan? Can I take his ocarina? Just for the night? Make a sleight of hand check. He's asleep, so do I get advantage or something?",Sleight of Hand
Persuasion,"you look normal? I think we all look normal, actually. That's how I see us, sure. This picture is disgusting. I love it. No, that is awful. You guys, we have a souvenir! We have a souvenir from the Feywild! I think he wants a beating. That's what he wants. I flick his head. ""Yes, what? What? Hi!"" Why would you do that when we've been so hospitable?",Persuasion
Intimidation,"Well, might as well. What are you going to do? Why don't you pet his legs again, weirdo? You fascinate me. ""Good. That's not the first time I've heard that."" Friend, I applaud your cleverness. I am excited by this deal, and I want to let you know that, god forbid something comes up, where I come from, the world I come from, I am possibly the worst person you have ever met. And I think, I hope, not necessarily to hurt you or harm you, but I hope that one day you can know just how awful I can be.",Intimidation
Performance,"""Deals are meant to be kept. Should you go against a deal that you've made, especially in ""here, these realms, there are consequences, so don't stray from the deal."" I think it's just a deal. I think deals may be a big deal here. So we can still kill him? I don't know. I think if it comes to it, it's a possibility. What happened to don't hurt or touch anything in the Feywild? Yeah, we fucked that up, didn't we? Can I take out his ocarina and play a couple of notes while I'm looking at him?",Performance
Performance,"against a deal that you've made, especially in ""here, these realms, there are consequences, so don't stray from the deal."" I think it's just a deal. I think deals may be a big deal here. So we can still kill him? I don't know. I think if it comes to it, it's a possibility. What happened to don't hurt or touch anything in the Feywild? Yeah, we fucked that up, didn't we? Can I take out his ocarina and play a couple of notes while I'm looking at him? Sure. Make a performance check.",Performance
Performance,"don't stray from the deal."" I think it's just a deal. I think deals may be a big deal here. So we can still kill him? I don't know. I think if it comes to it, it's a possibility. What happened to don't hurt or touch anything in the Feywild? Yeah, we fucked that up, didn't we? Can I take out his ocarina and play a couple of notes while I'm looking at him? Sure. Make a performance check. Performance check? That's a thing.",Performance
Perception,"Okay. You guys would have to get close together to do that, but it's doable as a cantrip. She keeps this general revolving sphere of wind above that scatters most of the rain to the sides. For the most part, Grog, you still get pretty damp because of your size and difficulty, but most everyone else can stay pretty dry as you cluster together, walking through the grass. You travel for another hour or so before the grass towards the outskirts of the mountain range in the city begins to slowly subside. It grows thinner and shorter, and you come to a bit of marshland, almost. Treeless, open marshland with little bushes in clusters. Anything you guys want to--",Perception
Perception,"She keeps this general revolving sphere of wind above that scatters most of the rain to the sides. For the most part, Grog, you still get pretty damp because of your size and difficulty, but most everyone else can stay pretty dry as you cluster together, walking through the grass. You travel for another hour or so before the grass towards the outskirts of the mountain range in the city begins to slowly subside. It grows thinner and shorter, and you come to a bit of marshland, almost. Treeless, open marshland with little bushes in clusters. Anything you guys want to-- Perception check? See if I can see anything moving ahead of us?",Perception
Perception,"came with the city, and they're actually from the Verdant Expanse where Syngorn usually resides. As you walk closer, you can see large sealed gates every so often along the outer wall. Every so often, you see these gates embedded in the wall, housing a massive emblem of a crescent moon flanked by two trees over a deep cerulean stone about two feet across. Twins, you know these as the threshold crests. These are the enchanted crests that enable the city to travel back and forth between the Feywild, should it be necessary. They're powerful, and they're rarely utilized, as the journey is not always accurate. It seemingly did so this time.",Perception
Persuasion,"movement, you can see the drawn bows tense up. They're trained on any movement you guys give at this moment. As time passes, an individual steps up to the top of the wall, adorned in similar Syngorian armor, but the helmet is taken off, and you see a woman with deep crimson hair braided to one side and shaved on the other. She steps up and looks out. ""Vex'ahlia. Vax'ildan."" Do we know who she is? ""The Vessar twins return. Do I know why? What is your business here in Syngorn?"" We came to speak to our father. ""And the rest of your company?"" They're with us.",Stealth
Insight,"one's got one hidden up his butt. (laughter) You hear Velora chuckle. Devana's like, ""Shh! Quiet!"" I want to pull Velora over and sit her in my lap. She (raspberry noise) at her mom as you pick her up there. You can see Devana smiles as she does so. Syldor, we have killed two of these dragons already. Nothing could please me more to hear that you are amassing forces here to go back  that is possibly the greatest thing I've ever heard you say to me.",Insight
Insight,"""Shh! Quiet!"" I want to pull Velora over and sit her in my lap. She (raspberry noise) at her mom as you pick her up there. You can see Devana smiles as she does so. Syldor, we have killed two of these dragons already. Nothing could please me more to hear that you are amassing forces here to go back  that is possibly the greatest thing I've ever heard you say to me. I want to insight check him and see if he's really saying-- Yeah, do that shit!",Insight
Insight,"light as the satyr form goes, (breathes heavily) ""That was a little harrowing. You didn't tell me you were going to bring me into the belly of the ""beast so soon, we didn't even talk about-- that was really good tea, by the way  ""that was quite delicious."" You were drinking our tea? ""Very quietly."" I was wondering where my tea went. Now, hold on. Did you steal anything while you were in there? ""No!"" Garmelie... ""No!""",Persuasion
Insight,"""That was a little harrowing. You didn't tell me you were going to bring me into the belly of the ""beast so soon, we didn't even talk about-- that was really good tea, by the way  ""that was quite delicious."" You were drinking our tea? ""Very quietly."" I was wondering where my tea went. Now, hold on. Did you steal anything while you were in there? ""No!"" Garmelie... ""No!"" Insight-check him.",Insight
Insight,"I was wondering where my tea went. Now, hold on. Did you steal anything while you were in there? ""No!"" Garmelie... ""No!"" Insight-check him. Insight-check that bitch! Natural one. (laughter) He is about as hard to read as anyone you've come across in the Feywild. Can I try? Sure.",Insight
Persuasion,"planes, there are doorways, and we have magical ""means to send small scouting parties between this veil."" Go on. Well, I don't want to be a bother, yes, but. Do they entail any part of those threshold crests? I'm wondering because perhaps we might find ourselves in need of traveling, as well. We know we're strangers. But we read much wisdom and experience in your eyes, and it would seem that you have encountered this place yourself, or have experience in the past with those who have, and we're just looking for an edge, really.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"""keep them under lock and key, but when an endeavor requires the transference between planes, we do on ""occasion allow these to go into the hands of our greatest guides."" If a party would be in search of an item that would be of great use to your survival, would that be worthy? Listen, we know we're bastards. Stop bringing up the bastard part! Clearly. Look into my eyes, we share the same goal. Half of my blood is yours. I want to kill the threat to your city and to all cities. I ask with complete humility. I know what I'm asking. Please.",Persuasion
Perception,"(laughter) ""I appreciate your intent, and I understand that our current paths will hopefully align in the ""near future. However, such artifacts are very important to us and the business within Syngorn, ""and I mean no offense in saying that you are no longer residents of our city. As such, no, I ""cannot provide you with these crystals. However, when the time comes, and you retrieve this bow which ""you say you seek, I hope that we can count each other brethren on the battlefield."" Can I look around the room? Are there any doors open, ajar, leading into a bedroom with a hat on a rack?",Perception
Deception,"arts-- (laughter) A connoisseur, really. Could you humor an old gnome like me and show me... I hear tell of a green hat. A tri-tip hat, right? I thought it was blue. Blue hat? Might be green. He's also colorblind, I should mention. Tri-tip, triangular-- I just hear it's fantastic, I've never seen one quite like it up close. I was wondering if I could take a look-see.",Deception
Investigation,"small lantern on the side. It flickers to life, and the flame itself, as opposed to a low oil lantern flicker is like a bright glowing light, you can see this is a magically set lantern, as most of the lights in the city are just everlit torches or things that flicker on and off as a light spell. It illuminates the room around you and you can see no one's walked in here in a while. These are for sale? ""No, these are for the taking should you wish."" Awesome. Well, what do we see?",Investigation
Arcana,"You did. Keyleth starts talking up Braum. Braum? Okay. Braum. Braum. So, Braum. Where're you from? ""Syngorn?"" (laughter) Good start. We don't have to distract him, he said it's all for the taking. Oh, it's all for-- really, oh. No, that's fine, we don't have to. You didn't see any distraction. You didn't see anything. ""I am so confused by all of you.""",Arcana
Arcana,"Okay. Braum. Braum. So, Braum. Where're you from? ""Syngorn?"" (laughter) Good start. We don't have to distract him, he said it's all for the taking. Oh, it's all for-- really, oh. No, that's fine, we don't have to. You didn't see any distraction. You didn't see anything. ""I am so confused by all of you."" Can I try to do an arcana check to see if there's anything magic in the room?",Arcana
Deception,"Yeah, we're fucking close, man. All right, you guys all enter the largest room where you met before, and as you all find your way in there, one of the guards goes, ""You're going to sleep--"" It's for prayer. We have to pray. Remember, right, Grog? Oh yes, we're very holy. Yes, it's been quite a while. I'm rather hungry. We all sleep together  it's a polyamorous thing. (laughter) I told you we were holy.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"rudeness of my compatriots. We will be gentle trouncing through you. We will make as little mark as we can and enjoy the splendor of your ever-changing colors. You are majestic, you are windswept-- I'm flirting with grass-- you are everything I could hope for in a beautiful view. I sing a song. What do you sing? (cheering) (singing) Keep growing. Keep flowing, knowing you can always count on me. (singing) For sure. (singing) That's what Scanlan's for. (cheering)",Persuasion
Persuasion,"(singing) Keep growing. Keep flowing, knowing you can always count on me. (singing) For sure. (singing) That's what Scanlan's for. (cheering) Percy, I want you to make a persuasion check against the grass? Adding the d10 inspiration die. Oh, d10 inspiration. Come on. I do an interpretive dance. Come on, persuade that plant. That was leaning. That was a leaner. That jumped, but that's still fine,",Persuasion
Perception,"some of the treetops themselves. The underbrush itself is very soft and spongy, with a lot of leaves that have fallen and given this soft setup. As you guys push forward for another half-hour or so, you in particular, Vex'ahlia, come upon what looks to be a series of stones, what looks to be a series of small structures, almost. Not like buildings per se, but intently placed obelisks of raw, rough stone. And as you come across and look on that side, you can see what looks to be the base of one of the mountain spires that sticks out, a large cave. Do I see any kind of markings on the obelisks?",Perception
Nature,"What'd you get? Natural one. Natural one. I know! They just look rough and old. They've been placed there. It's old magic. God, you're so bad at D&D! I suck! But you do see around the ground right out in front of this cave what appears to be hundreds and hundreds of small objects, piles, what looks like fruits and flowers and bones and stone carvings, all sorts of things placed in front of this cave.",Nature
Nature,"placed there. It's old magic. God, you're so bad at D&D! I suck! But you do see around the ground right out in front of this cave what appears to be hundreds and hundreds of small objects, piles, what looks like fruits and flowers and bones and stone carvings, all sorts of things placed in front of this cave. Can I do a nature check on one of the bones to see if I can identify where it came from? Okay. So you head out and take one of the bones and look at it.",Nature
Persuasion,"Ooh, yeah, that's pretty good. I offer him a tea set. As you pull the tea set out, the bear claw reaches out and smashes it out of your hand and goes scattered and breaking across one of the stones and goes, ""You walk into the realm of the ""wild, unwatched, unrespecting. The beasts of this land hold no kinship with you. You will prove ""offering yourself."" And the tongue licks the lips. What? I turn into a giant scorpion. The scorpion takes its form, as it does the bear, (growls). You want an offering, you can have mine.",Persuasion
Investigation,"No, yeah, Trinket tried to kill me, but don't worry, everything's fine. Really glad you learned how to speak with animals. Me too! Keyleth, can you open up the trees so our friends can get in? Who? Our what? Who? Aren't we blocked off? The trees have laxed and reopened. I was busy looking for my card. And I found it. Hi guys, my name is Vex'ahlia. Cool, yes, we're good. Can I search for that tea set that I tried to give him? Tea set? What just happened?",Persuasion
Investigation,"Yeah, cool, it was a golden cursed tea set. Nobody else is concerned about the commotion that happened behind the trees, and we're all just like ""Hi."" What happened? There was a big fucking bear. You might actually not want to look in that cave, because it came out of there and it was rather angry when it did. What it? What came out? A guardian spirit of the forest. Just observing the entrance to see if there's anything written, any type of language on any of the entrances or otherwise.",Investigation
Insight,"You don't know that much about the entity. You've never really encountered one before, you've only heard about them. What about Garmelie. Would he know? You're welcome to ask him if you want to. Hey, Garmelie. What do you know about this fucking bear? He's in the very back, just watching you guys. ""I know what you know. It's apparently here ""and people leave him little presents, and seemed pretty scary from the way you describe him, so--"" Did you know he was going to be here at this cave? ""No, I would have avoided this!""",Insight
Insight,"only heard about them. What about Garmelie. Would he know? You're welcome to ask him if you want to. Hey, Garmelie. What do you know about this fucking bear? He's in the very back, just watching you guys. ""I know what you know. It's apparently here ""and people leave him little presents, and seemed pretty scary from the way you describe him, so--"" Did you know he was going to be here at this cave? ""No, I would have avoided this!"" Somebody insight check that little bastard.",Insight
Nature,"the candles standing up or are they laying over? They're standing up. We can't take the skull. It's a large skull, it's like this big, and its elongated snout-- Oh, it's an animal skull. It's a beast-like skull. Is it a bear skull? We have not said anything to the rest of the group. Oh, I thought they were saying this out loud. Can I discern what kind of animal skull it is?",Nature
Nature,"You can't make out any details. It looks like somewhat rough cavern walls, but not very smoothly carved or anything. And the skull is big, like the size of my chest? It's probably a little bit smaller than that. Made of gems or stone or bone? It looks almost like it was carved and hollowed from a singular giant solid piece of opal or aquamarine. Like it's a gemmed skull in the sense that it's made from gem material. Does it look like it could have been a bear skull?",Nature
Perception,"Oh god. Well. Listen, Grog. I don't think it's very valuable. No, but look at it! It's pretty amazing. We're in a secret chamber. This is cool. But what would we do with it? We can't trade it. I bet they worshiped it. I bet something still worships it. And that thing could come back and be mad if we take it. Are there a crapload of footprints on the ground around us?",Perception
Deception,"running! (yelling) Oh, it's horrible! (yelling) There are bears everywhere! Bears! Little bears, big bears! We burst out into the sunlight, and I intentionally trip and eat shit. Scanlan goes flying, boom! There was a bear right on Grog! Oh my god! It was so vicious. It was horrible. You didn't fight them at all? No, there were bodies everywhere! Children! Women! They were stapled to the ceiling! And then there were just horrible-- So did the bear only have one claw?",Arcana
Survival,"we have him is because you spotted him because you're awesome. And he wanted a hat, how bad could he honestly be? Right? It looks very good on him. I feel like hats are almost a traditional sign of something a little iffy. Present company included, of course. We got betrayed by Clarota at the 11th hour, so-- We're so much cooler now. All right, let's just put Vex and Vax. Hold my hand, dear? ""All right."" He takes your hand. Roll a",Perception
Insight,"Scanlan. No. Grog weirdly smells better than Trinket today. About another two hours of travel duskward, and he's keeping a finger pointed in the direction, which is difficult for you because the moon placement in the sky has not changed. The correlation as to what you normally use in the Prime Material Plane to gauge direction has no use here whatsoever. So the best that you can do is try to keep yourself facing forward and using his occasional guidance to steer back on track. I'm going to try to learn from him how he's gauging his surroundings and stuff.",Nature
Nature,"correlation as to what you normally use in the Prime Material Plane to gauge direction has no use here whatsoever. So the best that you can do is try to keep yourself facing forward and using his occasional guidance to steer back on track. I'm going to try to learn from him how he's gauging his surroundings and stuff. Make an insight check. 21. 21. He seems to, every single time he checks for the direction, lick his finger and then point. There's nothing more to it than that. He'll take a moment to think and look around, lick his finger, point in a direction.",Nature
Survival,"clattering. He's just doing that. Because it makes him seem smart. What does the licking do? ""Licking is how I initiate the specialization of my arcane understanding of the ""flow and ebb of the fey--"" You're bullshitting. ""No! This is a technique. And it's leading us to your destination. Have a little faith. You ""hired me for a reason."" So much faith in you. Is he taking us to the theater right now? Definitely the theater. ""Not the theater!"" Pressing on, I want you",Survival
Survival,"little mushier, like either there's a nearby river or the ground itself has retained liquid more than other areas of the forest. You begin to see the faint appearance of familiar green sprouts that come through. These are mandrakes, and you manage to catch them before the rest of the party gets there, you and Garmelie, especially with your sight and knowledge of this area, you manage to guide the party around that whole field of waiting mandrake. What do they do? Do they just scream a lot? You don't know. You may find out yet. Progressing forward into the next section, I need",Stealth
Stealth,"across, make your way to the other side. The river splashes as the bubble is no longer required. You traverse it  no issue. It's a river. The music is a little louder on this side of the bank and is off to the right side. Should we send Vax ahead? I don't think it's a good idea but if we're going to check it out you and I should go ahead. Yeah, let's go. Garmelie? Do you want to come with us? Go invisible? ""Um. Okay?"" I will hold your hand, don't worry dear. ""All right."" So he vanishes from sight. The",Stealth
Stealth,"I don't think it's a good idea but if we're going to check it out you and I should go ahead. Yeah, let's go. Garmelie? Do you want to come with us? Go invisible? ""Um. Okay?"" I will hold your hand, don't worry dear. ""All right."" So he vanishes from sight. The two of you guys make your stealth checks. Oh, can I cast Pass Without a Trace on us? If you want to. I'm going to do that. All right. All right, so adding plus ten to your",Stealth
Athletics,"hearing the music, hearing the laughter, watching your brother with a Joker-like smile on his face, the sheer joy pulling his expression into one of a very disturbing joy. I need both of you guys to make wisdom saving throws with advantage. Oh dear. Advantage versus magic. Yeah, I already had advantage. Well, there you go. 13. 23. 23? All right. You sweep in at this point, and find that Scanlan jumps off the broom. No! Don't jump off the broom!",Athletics
Athletics,"an image of the perspective of the necklace. First conscious person to go in here. Second, technically. Second to Grog. Grog was unconscious. No, I wasn't. He was very close to death. Can I grab Scanlan? You can. I'm doing the Russian Bottle Dance from Fiddler on the Roof right now. It's fantastic. I want to fly down and get him around the waist and pull him out.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"First conscious person to go in here. Second, technically. Second to Grog. Grog was unconscious. No, I wasn't. He was very close to death. Can I grab Scanlan? You can. I'm doing the Russian Bottle Dance from Fiddler on the Roof right now. It's fantastic. I want to fly down and get him around the waist and pull him out. Make an athletics check. I need you to make",Athletics
Perception,"mind. All that matters is this moment, this dance, these people and the music. Any semblance of the personality of Scanlan that existed before is not there. All you feel is the muscles tensing and relaxing from the ever-present dance. The rest of you slowly begin to approach the outside of this opening. She just dumped me out. It's not my call. Are you dumping him out or not? I'm afraid because of the music's still playing. What if you're still charmed? I'm not going to dump him out. She keeps him in the necklace. Just the basic features of the area.",Perception
Athletics,"all my dice? Just a nick. 16 points of damage. You take 16 points of piercing damage, halved, so you take eight. You feel the music begin to creep into your ears as the blood pumping in your skull begins to subside, and then (gunshot) your shoulder gets blown back. You look over and you can see the bullet wound and the blood beginning to pour out of the small piercing wound you've suffered in your shoulder. The red takes over once again. Vax! (laughter) Clutching Scanlan at your side, you go running out of the field. Because this is the",Athletics
Athletics,"You take 16 points of piercing damage, halved, so you take eight. You feel the music begin to creep into your ears as the blood pumping in your skull begins to subside, and then (gunshot) your shoulder gets blown back. You look over and you can see the bullet wound and the blood beginning to pour out of the small piercing wound you've suffered in your shoulder. The red takes over once again. Vax! (laughter) Clutching Scanlan at your side, you go running out of the field. Because this is the secondary round now, make one more athletics check",Athletics
Perception,"still not the fastest pace in the world, but you're able to keep going at a decent rate. Can I jog up to Garmelie and Vex real fast? You said that there were lycans at some point, and you said they move through the trees, right? ""Yes, from what I've heard."" Would that be these trees? ""Possibly."" Right. Have you seen a lycan? ""I haven't."" Great. We should be keeping an eye on the trees. I was trying to.",Perception
Persuasion,"direction before touching the ground and dissipating. Even though the wind that blew through with their arrival has faded, they all still drift in a direction as if they're being called a specific way. Cool. Hey, question. Should we help you with this terrible problem you've been facing, do you think there's any way you would want to help us when we try to take out this cancerous tree? It needs to be taken care of. Teamwork? ""Cancerous tree?"" It's really bad. Whole other area for you to dominate. It's quite wonderful. The Shademirk bog.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"called a specific way. Cool. Hey, question. Should we help you with this terrible problem you've been facing, do you think there's any way you would want to help us when we try to take out this cancerous tree? It needs to be taken care of. Teamwork? ""Cancerous tree?"" It's really bad. Whole other area for you to dominate. It's quite wonderful. The Shademirk bog. Make a persuasion check. Goddamn it! Wait, it's my favored terrain. Doesn't work for every single thing you do. The forest isn't going to help you with your",Persuasion
Survival,"all emotional and moral backgrounds and interests. ""It's hard to say."" I'll also say, if we are going to attack the were-creatures, it would be nice to have a little help, maybe. Help? From whom? From the pixies. If we explain our situation, we can make a decision and either help the were-creatures or-- Maybe the pixies can help us take out the cancerous tree and all the things around it. Well, let's go get eyes on them, shall we? Let's go.",Persuasion
Stealth,"just see the general size of the homes. This is so cute. And Vex is the only one that can see it. She's the furthest ahead, yes. I feel like ""cute"" is the last word we should use for this. It will be the last word you ever say. Definitely pixie city is up ahead. Should we look for perimeter alarms or traps? Yes, I look for that. Good idea, Grog! Good thinking. I'm going to go stealth, just because. Me, too.",Stealth
Stealth,"I feel like ""cute"" is the last word we should use for this. It will be the last word you ever say. Definitely pixie city is up ahead. Should we look for perimeter alarms or traps? Yes, I look for that. Good idea, Grog! Good thinking. I'm going to go stealth, just because. Me, too. All right. Make a stealth check, guys. All right, Pass Without a Trace? That's not still active anymore? That was awful.",Stealth
Perception,"community. The circle itself is five to ten feet wide. It's not a very large circle at all. You'd be in your stone elemental form, it'd be no problem for you. It'd be no problem for me. I don't think she would ever get close to it. They have some sort of shield up. It'd be kicking the hornet's nest, certainly. Tell me this, Vex, Vax. People with high perception. He's Vex, I'm Vax. Where are the animal men? Are they watching us right now?",Perception
Perception,"The horror, the horror. The pixies see it too, though. They can see it, but they can also be oh, this isn't real. I grab Keyleth by the wrist and start running away from the village. Are we running back to the lycans or to the Shademirk? Towards the Shademirk. I've got Garmelie. Go, run faun, run. But keep on the lookout for mandrakes. And werewolves. Okay, so I want everyone to make a",Acrobatics
Athletics,"in the direction duskward. Where are you looking, Keyleth? I'm looking out for werewolves, for lycans. Okay. Where are you looking? I'm looking for lycans, too. I'm just being honest! All right, so you guys continue pushing forward-- I'm shouting: The way is clear! All right, you guys run, and run, and run, and you're pushing through brush and pushing over elements and heavy hard portions of the floor. I need everyone to roll-- this is going to be an",Athletics
Perception,"I have a proposal. Yes, Grog? Why don't we make our way back to the oh, we were chased by these horrible lycans! We wanted to kill them, but we got stuck when we hit this invisible wall. Could you do anything to help us get rid of the lycans? And then we play both sides of the coin. That is way better than our first idea, and yet still terrible. I think we have to pick a terrible idea and stick with it until it becomes far too much for us to deal with. Can I take a look around and do a",Perception
Perception,"Why don't we make our way back to the oh, we were chased by these horrible lycans! We wanted to kill them, but we got stuck when we hit this invisible wall. Could you do anything to help us get rid of the lycans? And then we play both sides of the coin. That is way better than our first idea, and yet still terrible. I think we have to pick a terrible idea and stick with it until it becomes far too much for us to deal with. Can I take a look around and do a perception check to see if anyone else might be watching us?",Perception
Perception,"I want to go Minxie and do a little perimeter walk in the forest a little bit. Okay. The rest of you guys are resting and finding camp here in a small section of the trees. You're on that weird cusp where, looking out towards the barrier, you can see the dusk light, the usual sky of the Feywild, and as you guys back up to find your camp, a little deeper in the forest where it feels safer and less exposed, looking up, you can still see the dark, starry sky and the moon, both visible from your position past the trees above and past the barrier in front. As the rest of you are resting, you're finishing up your reading. You go Minxie form, and you go",Investigation
Stealth,"They're discussing the enchantment that was placed. They're discussing new intrusion. That's about the most you can make out of the conversation. You continue to follow them. You're going into the second or third hour of following them, and they're still doing a wide perimeter in the forest. They meet up with a third one, and they have a quick little discussion and then branch off. Can I hear the little discussion, anything? If you want to get closer. Yeah.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"She went off prowling as Minxie and she's not home. I take off flying. Fucking A. Oh jesus. Oh man. I'm a big girl, come on. That is not what I meant for you to do. This is your first time really trying out your wings. You're also in a very dense forest, so there's no space. As you heroically take off, you impact. Your wing hits a branch, and you go spinning out of the way. Can I Spider-Man from tree to tree like the werewolves did using the wings a little bit?",Acrobatics
Perception,"I can get my spells back. Anybody else taking watch? Yeah, stay up with me. Okay. She needs to rest. I'll stay up. She's already been up for four hours. Stay up with me. You can cuddle with me. Don't offer that. I know. Okay. I will sleep, then, I guess. Go ahead and nap. You guys are staying up. I pick a space near Vax.",Stealth
Stealth,"No, your friends. We'll let them sleep unless those things come closer. Oh. Are they coming closer, or are they keeping their distance? They're keeping a distance. They don't seem to notice you. They might've heard you. All right, they come pretty close, actually. They start heading in your direction. Do you guys do anything? Are you going to stay quiet? What do you do? Don't move. I go stealth. I freeze in an exotic pose.",Stealth
Performance,"through two of my top-level ones! You reach forward and grab Grog. You see the pulse of energy, and it dissipates. You look over at the edge of the tree. You see one of the pixies darting behind and disappears behind the trunk. That ends your turn. Back to the top. Percy and Vex. I'll go. Do you want to go first? I'll go first. Wait! I wanted to do a bonus action! I did want to do something on a bonus action. What do you want to do? Can I Alter Self my throat and (howls) give a wolf howl?",Stealth
Deception,"disappears past the trees a little bit, you watch as a large, dark form lands right in front of it. It stops for a second, and two giant claws reach down and grasp it in its hand, pick it up, and you can see before you, Lord Ukurat is now clutching this one pixie that was trying to escape. Looks inside for a second. (chuckles) ""Vengeance is tasty."" (chomps) ""Not very filling."" Stomps forward. Be confident! ""So. You called."" We called because our plan worked perfectly, and we were able to fulfill your deal to the letter, as we had always intended.",Deception
Investigation,"you've come to consciousness, gathered your things, escaped the forest, and headed northward, just beginning to see the cresting edge of the tangled river mass of the Gilded Run. And beyond the Shademirk Bog. So before you guys press anywhere forward, is there any preparation you want to take on your adventure? Straight-up prep? Oh jeez. You're about to travel forward. What do you want to do? Can you hear us? Yes? Are there any potion stores nearby? (laughter)",Investigation
Perception,"You look down and see the small faun who you previously had commissioned to draw-- Yes. I really love that piece that you did. ""Well, thank you kindly."" You're so welcome. ""Let me know. Your form's closer to mine, so it's easy for me to get a full view."" (laughter) Whoa. (laughter) That's okay. Snap. So are we going across the river, then? Wait, there's a river?",Perception
Athletics,"outside of your physical body. The control has alleviated itself, and your body forces you to splash into the river, as well, both of you guys submerging yourself in the raging rapids. You guys see this in the distance, with a splash of two impacts on the riverside. Did we tell them to go fishing? I don't think we did. Can we try to get out? Can we try to get out of the water? Okay, let's go save our friends. There is a ten-foot river for you guys to traverse first, before you get to them. Each of you who are trying to leap across, make an",Athletics
Athletics,"athletics check. I didn't say I was trying to leap across. I said anyone who wants to try. You want to hop on the-- (laughter) I don't follow. I'll jump on. All right, Grog's got two gnomes on his back. Grog's got two gnomes on his back. Of course he does  that's perfect. Help. Right here. Are we underwater, or are we on top of the water? We're just dying. Two gnomes on Grog's back. You grab both of them, do a quick sprint and leap, as heavy as you",Athletics
Perception,"I'm sorry, I forgot how to play. I believe it's a plus four. 18? 18. Without an issue, you watch as this giant anchor of a man is being held solid by this tiny rock of a gnomish cleric. Yes! (cheering) Go get him, Grog! (muffled) Okay. You watch as her teeth bite down, and her tongue sticks out the edge as she digs her feet into the bottom of the river rock. Percy, you see a dark form in the river as you're rushing past. I",Perception
Perception,"18? 18. Without an issue, you watch as this giant anchor of a man is being held solid by this tiny rock of a gnomish cleric. Yes! (cheering) Go get him, Grog! (muffled) Okay. You watch as her teeth bite down, and her tongue sticks out the edge as she digs her feet into the bottom of the river rock. Percy, you see a dark form in the river as you're rushing past. I need you to make a perception check with disadvantage, as you're being drawn underwater.",Perception
Perception,"18. Without an issue, you watch as this giant anchor of a man is being held solid by this tiny rock of a gnomish cleric. Yes! (cheering) Go get him, Grog! (muffled) Okay. You watch as her teeth bite down, and her tongue sticks out the edge as she digs her feet into the bottom of the river rock. Percy, you see a dark form in the river as you're rushing past. I need you to make a perception check with disadvantage, as you're being drawn underwater. Perception check with disadvantage?",Perception
Athletics,"And then leave a little slack for Garmelie at the end. Oh, right, because we've got to pick him up on the way through. He's in between the two of you guys right now. He's waiting. We're on our way to you, Garmelie. Don't worry! ""Good!"" He looks over his shoulder at Scanlan and goes, ""Good."" All right, you guys all begin to pull yourselves forward on the rope, taking your time to make sure that if anything bad happens, you take a moment to pause and help out your friends. I need everyone who's on the edge",Persuasion
Perception,"nervous. But it's an 18, so 25. You know what, Percy? So I'm going to talk. I'm going to be like: Look, river. I'm your friend. I don't want any tension between us. I'm just trying to make it across you, you know? The actual near-growl of the rapids begins to slowly subside in the river before you as the water sinks down into a slower, more gentle pace. You can see it building up and backing up behind you as the river here comes to a soft, cool dip that you guys can begin to walk through as well. Good river. Good boy. Can I keep an eye out for whatever I stepped on in the river?",Perception
Acrobatics,"You, Grog, are suddenly grappled. The jaws have latched onto your midsection and hold you. You guys look ahead as you see this form, this spray of dark grimy mud and river-bottom muck gets flung into the air. You see what looks to be a far larger than you've ever seen before crocodile-like entity has come bursting out from under the river. You see the sheer force of the impact pushes him forward and carries him onto the other side of the river, in doing so, dragging all of you behind him at a rapid pace. We're across! Most of you go flying in an arc at the sheer force of this impact. I need you guys to make",Acrobatics
Intimidation,"You can probably communicate with it, yes. I'm saying, issuing commands on this might be a little more difficult for the rest of the spells. What if I cast at a higher level? Would that help? This is not a spell that can be cast at a higher level, unfortunately. So what do you want to do? You're casting Speak With Plants. Well, I cast it, so I'm going to say: Hey! You spit that out of your mouth right now, mister! (laughter) You don't know where that's been! And trust me, I do.",Intimidation
Perception,"tumble into the water and get washed away. It is no more. How was that? Anything exciting come out? Many small, petrified crocodile pieces. I'm going to pick one up and bring it to Keyleth. For you. Well done. (applause) I get a souvenir from the Feywild! That's all I wanted. We've got two more rivers, right? One more, technically. You guys have all made your way across. There's one last one that leads to the outskirts of the Shademirk.",Perception
Perception,"Anything exciting come out? Many small, petrified crocodile pieces. I'm going to pick one up and bring it to Keyleth. For you. Well done. (applause) I get a souvenir from the Feywild! That's all I wanted. We've got two more rivers, right? One more, technically. You guys have all made your way across. There's one last one that leads to the outskirts of the Shademirk. I want to keep perception check up to make sure we don't run into another one of those fuckers.",Perception
Acrobatics,"Aren't you on the other side? I'm looking at the trees. I'm hanging out. Yeah. However, he does manage to right himself. He only got partially into the river and managed to pull his way out, so he's fine. Grog, who are you throwing next? Who's next? I'll go. Yeah, Percy's next! Can I granny shot this one? Go for it. Strength check. 19. (grunts) You lob him. It's enough to get you across, but the landing is not very graceful.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"I'll go next. But I want to bring out my broom and hold it in my hand. In the spirit of the Olympic games, can I shot put her? Make a strength check. You see Trinket come up. Come on! Trinket goes into your necklace. Oh shit. No, it's not. It's a 23. I'm strong as fuck. I would say the lighter half of the twins, but I think they're an equal weight class. You grab her by the side and (whoosh, grunt) launch her into the air. You catch your stomach contents.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"I wave my hands and say: I'll catch you, Kiki! Okay. You want to shot put this one? No, it's going to be fast-pitch softball. Okay. No, wait. I'm going to be a long snapper in football and turn around. (laughter) I will receive that. Set! 19! Hut! (grunts) With a big long toss, you make it most of the way over the water and begin to descend very close on the opposite side of the",Acrobatics
Athletics,"brought to you by IHOP. And probably never will be. There goes our IHOP sponsorship. I gag a little, try to keep it down. Try to wash my face if I can. Who's left? Garmelie? Oh, Garmelie! Garmelie's on the side. He goes, ""Don't worry. You first."" No, he's going to leave. I mean, he can. I guess you got us all the way here, didn't you? ""Once he's across, our accord is complete."" Oh yeah. No, totally. Come here, bitch. ""No!"" Roll an attack. Well, technically,",Insight
Athletics,"""No!"" Roll an attack. Well, technically, this is a grapple, so it's an athletics check. A 20. Total. You reach out and his eyes go wide and he darts around, and your fingers barely catch the edge of his fur, and you get enough of a hold to lift him off the ground. He's now dangling from your giant half-giant ass hand. ""No! I don't have to go there! ""I'm just going back the other way when we're done!"" Oh, no, yeah, I totally hear what you're saying. We're going for a ride, bitch. And I back up.",Athletics
Investigation,"What kinds of things? ""I don't know. It's time for me to go. Thank you guys so much. I appreciate this. ""It's been something."" Wait, before he goes, I want to give him a kiss on his head. A little kiss on the head, and he goes, ""Well, at least it's been a pleasure travelling ""with you, my lady."" He takes your hand and does a little bow and (kiss) on the edge. As I was kissing him, can I give him a little pat down to make sure he didn't steal anything? (laughter and applause)",Perception
Perception,"or four inches into the ground. Say (hacking spit). (hacking spit). It lifts up and pulls you guys slowly out of the sludge, (squelch) finally freeing yourself, and you're now hovering a very short distance above the ground. So at least you guys and me aren't slowed down, so that's good. Bye, guys! By the way, now that we're out of all this shit, can we look around and see if Ukurat has been peeping us this entire time? Can we see him?",Perception
Stealth,"He's following you. So he's going to be able to get across all these rivers? Apparently, he's fine. He's pretty cool. He can jump really far. I give him a-- from a distance. He shrinks sideways against the tree and is now barely visible, other than his furry chest that's now peeking out one side of the width of the tree. I give him a-- No reaction. Vax at this point is like, ""So are we going to move on, then?"" Yes, but stealthily.",Stealth
Perception,"keeping your eyes peeled, and you continue to move forward further and further in. It is difficult. It is hot. It is muggy. There are heavy insects, large winged bugs (buzzing) through the air, and you knock them away. The bubbling of the ground itself is releasing sulfurous gas and various other chemicals into the air that are probably not healthy to breathe extensively. Many of you are having to cover your mouth to keep from coughing to break up your stealth capabilities. I'm going to mask it. Put your mask on, okay. Can I keep an eye out for any movement ahead of us or around us?",Perception
Stealth,"you knock them away. The bubbling of the ground itself is releasing sulfurous gas and various other chemicals into the air that are probably not healthy to breathe extensively. Many of you are having to cover your mouth to keep from coughing to break up your stealth capabilities. I'm going to mask it. Put your mask on, okay. Can I keep an eye out for any movement ahead of us or around us? Make a perception check. Yes? I only stay enlarged for ten minutes. At this point, it has now died down, and your form has shifted to its normal form.",Perception
Stealth,"But we're only 80 yards out. Feet? 80 feet? I'm not slowed down, so you know what, I'm going to sneak behind Trinket. I'll send Trinket out, and I'll sneak 100 feet behind him. Trinket emerges (impact) in the sludge. (moans) I'm sorry, buddy. Okay. Don't get too far ahead of me. We're going to sneak ahead and check out this glowy tree. See it? (grunts) Yeah. All right. Sneaky-sneaky. And Trinket manages to stalk forward. Make a",Stealth
Perception,"Don't do it. You're not there. I think Vex might be right. Come back. Come back? Should we do a fly by the window to see what's inside? Don't even fly close to the tree. I have really bad feelings about this. Fly by the window and peek in. Fucking shit mother bitch! What do you do? Using our expert flying skills, we're going to fly by the window and do one of these, and check out the Berenstain Bears and then run.",Perception
Stealth,"Soon! There's a giant werewolf following us... We just killed the crocodile plant. We just killed a crocodile plant. That's true. Seriously, we just fought something. You were inside his gut. You have to remember that. Just did that. I didn't really hit it that much, it was very unsatisfying. (All laugh.) Let's walk away. I wanna stealth.",Stealth
Perception,"make your way around the outskirts of this kind of open glade area, scooting by. As you begin to separate, finally getting to a point where the direction you're trying to head, where you noticed seemingly all the liquid that's seeping from, the actual movement, momentum of the horrible black material was like pushing slowly outward from apparently some center place? You follow that slow flow best you can. As you begin to pull away, you hear a slight creak sound in the distance. (creaking) No. Can we see if the door shut? Hide! I hide. Did the door shut?",Stealth
Perception,"her to be here for the time she has. Maybe the hag cast a Dispell she did on the broom? Yeah, Dispell Magic. Or maybe things just got strange. Poor reception. Something I said. Love you, Pike. Something you said. (laughs) Definitely something you said. Okay. All right. Can we see the hag moving inside the hut through the window?",Perception
Perception,"Yeah, Dispell Magic. Or maybe things just got strange. Poor reception. Something I said. Love you, Pike. Something you said. (laughs) Definitely something you said. Okay. All right. Can we see the hag moving inside the hut through the window? You make a perception check as you're glancing that way. Can I look for Ukurat?",Perception
Perception,"be some almost large rock-like figure that's shifting, and the more you take a moment to focus, it looks like a humanoid-type creature hunched over, facing away from you. (mouthing) We should go, we should go that way. Can I point everybody to go around, keeping a wide berth? Okay. Lead the way. Percy, look over there with your eyesight, look through your little scope and see what you see. I'm gonna try and scope it.",Investigation
Athletics,"If you'd like to try and climb them. Can we try and climb the trees? We're going to try and climb a tree. To what end? Then we're just gonna sit here forever? For a minute. Well no, we can go from tree branch to tree branch. Are they tightly enough connected that we can travel on the top of the trees? Possibly. Might require some jumping. I am a backpack right now. I'm gonna get on the broom and fly up. You fly up. I'll climb after her.",Athletics
Athletics,"Anime shit. Oh yeah. So if I can go ahead and get Grog and Percy to go ahead and make three successive athletics checks, if you could. With advantage? This would be, for you it would be advantage, yeah. What's the modifier for king of the apes? You know what, I'll give you advantage on this just 'cause you're an ape. Athletics or acrobatics? Um. For the purposes of climbing and grabbing,",Athletics
Perception,"That's a long time. All right. I go ahead and I take off with Scanlan and do kind of a high aerial loop around the tree. (worried noise) All righty. Oh jeez, around the tree? Around it? Just at the top, really high. Really high, getting nice-- I wanna kind of perch on top of a tree nearby and just kind of see it from there. Watch. I want to see if I can find the source of the bog muck.",Perception
Perception,"Out of the actual tree. Like even the top of the tree and stuff. Like evil maple syrup. Evil maple syrup, yeah. Mm, sounds tasty. Can-- Like ghostbusters. -- we see any kind of movement, any kind of things moving around the tree? You don't see anything moving around the tree at the moment, other than just the gentle swaying as a little bit of wind hits the sides of it, portions of its long hundreds and hundreds of hanging vines just kind of slowly get moved and tangled by the windfall. If you want to make a",Perception
Perception,"just making sure they're not following us or anything? No, although if you find a log approximately two feet thick, I could certainly use that. A log? A log, about two feet thick. About how long, though? Doesn't matter. You wanna fly down? We fly down, I take the broom and try to find a log. Yeah, you're in control. All right. All right, so the two of you kind of-- make",Stealth
Insight,"Thank you. Swamp shoes. So you can walk like me? Yes. I mean, not quickly, it won't help you walk quickly, it's not necessarily the most stealthy thing on earth, but you won't drop two feet into the muck every time you take a step. That's good. I've got a question. Can one of us that can turn into things go in the muck? Oh. Maybe. I feel like, is it bad? Do we get any kind of bad vibe, bad energy off the muck? Other than it being black magic?",Insight
Athletics,"Did I say something? I don't know. No, you didn't say anything. Trees, you're so lovely, even though you're covered in this black stuff, I can tell that you have really good personalities. You've clearly been moisturizing. You really don't think that's-- All the branches begin to slowly sag down. Shit! I push off, we're flying, we're hovering. And you guys all begin to slide down-- I'm going to make a jump to another tree. Yeah, I do the same.",Athletics
Perception,"set it somewhere, just slapped out of their hand by a fist. Grog, what are you doing? This is our kitchen and we need to eat dinner here! I'm trying to activate these, and they require pain. (yells) With that, what was once a large black cauldron that was used in soup and other sort of base-like liquids, is now, pwang, a large heavy ding is now on the inside in the shape of a fist, and it's half as useful. Grog! Do I notice any difference in the gauntlets?",Investigation
Perception,"missing for Grog to eventually whittle your triceratops hitpoints down to zero. However, in the process, you do manage to get a bit gored, suffering a total of nine points of piercing damage throughout the entirety of this, just little scrapes and scratches, the occasional puncture wound, but eventually you get one solid crack with the gauntlets across his face, and the triceratops form shifts back down to a tiny little Scanlan Shorthalt. Don't hit him, don't hit him! Wait, wait, did it work? Are your gauntlets better or whatever you're trying to do? Do I feel anything?",Perception
Perception,"Okay. All right. We're about to take a rest. Eh. What else do you guys want to do? I'm gonna long rest now. Long rest, eat some chicken. Wait, do we have any vague plan, wait, we plan at dawn? We'll plan tomorrow morning. We'll plan at dawn. We'll plan at dawn. I wanna go upstairs and just open the door and keep an eye out of it for just a little bit and see what I see out the doorway.",Perception
Perception,"Oh, come on! Oh, um. That would be a 15. 15. All right. How much time do you spend out there? Well, at the door? Yeah. How much time can I spend and still get a good rest? Well, I mean, you need an eight-hour rest for a full night's rest, so it depends how much time you want to push off until you begin taking your rest. Oh, right. Well, how about a couple hours? Okay. First hour, seemingly no real change. Second hour,",Perception
Nature,"Well, I was staring at the door, and all of a sudden, around a space, about three trees just disappeared. Like something really large passed in front of it? No, like they dropped, and there's a hole in the canopy. Huh. That's different. That's interesting. Do you know of anything that would cause that? In the Feywild? Do I know of anything that would cause",Nature
Nature,"a sudden, around a space, about three trees just disappeared. Like something really large passed in front of it? No, like they dropped, and there's a hole in the canopy. Huh. That's different. That's interesting. Do you know of anything that would cause that? In the Feywild? Do I know of anything that would cause that? Can I roll a nature check or something?",Nature
History,"I know that... Fenthras! No, that's all I wrote. (laughs) You were so excited for a second. So excited. I was so excited 'cause I saw it written down, but no, I didn't write. No. I'm sorry. You're gonna make me check my notes? I didn't write it down. Dammit. Balls. But I have a real good-- I know that there's a hatmaker named Deirdre somewhere in the world. Guys. You guys.",History
History,"(laughs) You were so excited for a second. So excited. I was so excited 'cause I saw it written down, but no, I didn't write. No. I'm sorry. You're gonna make me check my notes? I didn't write it down. Dammit. Balls. But I have a real good-- I know that there's a hatmaker named Deirdre somewhere in the world. Guys. You guys. Would a really successful history check help Vex remember what the fuck she was told?",History
Stealth,"It's an old Druidish one? Yep. Thank you. All right. So. You guys emerge from the mansion? Yeah, anyone want to go stealth or anything? Yeah yeah yeah. It's just gonna be all of us presenting ourself? Maybe we'll go stealth... well, can a tree see us? I dunno. Let's go stealth. All right. Why not? And you guys can go talk to it. All right.",Stealth
Perception,"tremor-sense. Oh, that's true. All right, all right, you're right. Don't do stealth, I'll present us all as a group. Okay. All right. You emerge. Still the dusklight, that kind of warm purplish-orange perpetual sunset glow in the sky. The tree there remains. You glance out. That little pocket where the trees were is filled once more. The trees now stand, the pocket is now done. That's where, that's where the hole was! But it's not a hole anymore!",Perception
Athletics,"Can I run immediately underneath Sondur? Sondur, yes you can. Are there any vines that are hanging from him? There are none? There are vines hanging from the ceiling, but he himself just kind of sunk into the tree and then emerged above, he himself does not have any wayward vines that are just hanging. Right. Are there any vines that look like they might be thick enough for me to try and climb up if I wanted to get to his height? Probably a couple, yeah. Could I grab a few of those vines to try and climb up to where he's at?",Athletics
Athletics,"Sic 'em. All right, that ends his turn, 20, Grog, you're up. I've been so taken out of this fight, it's driving me crazy. I'm hanging from vines, I see Wolfman come up, I'm not gonna be left out of this. Can I try and Tarzan my way over into the fray? Yes! Yes. This will be the majority of your movement and your action to do so. Just get me there, baby. All right. So you, go ahead and make an",Athletics
Athletics,"Can I-- Just throw a fireball? I can't do that. Aren't you Johnny Storm? I gotta be there. Yeah, it's a melee thing. Do I still have any movement? No, just your action. To get through, I'd say... what's your speed as an elemental? 50. 50? It took you 25 to get there, you still have 25 feet, I would say. Can I start climbing 25 feet up the wall?",Athletics
Investigation,"So I was faking understanding the whole time, and then picked it up in retrospect listening to Laura's responses. I missed it. Yeah. Who's this Laura you're speaking of? (All laugh.) I don't know. I don't know anything. That's okay. It's fine that you didn't hear. He said nothing about a bloody dagger. Nothing at all. We should find that dagger. No question. Is there anything other than the bow worth looting on this terrible person, since I'm rummaging through his...",Investigation
Insight,"Yes, I could use a glass of wine. I could use a carafe of wine. Trinket licks the side of your face. Nuzzles you as you walk towards the castle. Wait, if you got a bow, and there were pixies, and you gave her something, did I get anything? Did I pick up any diseases? Lots of diseases. You fought bravely. And often. You wielded your weapon strongly and proudly, and had many definite physical encounters, and were never frozen. And showed your power and defended us to the best of your ability. You waded through blood, Grog.",Insight
Perception,"Are you guys exiting the castle now? Yes. Do it by hand? We might not have that much time. As you step out into the front open patio area, just outside of the castle's main gates, you look up and that faint blue shimmer that encases-- and you can now see it as a dome, and it comes down around, just directly around the city, closing at the very outskirts of the castle. You look in the distance as you see a few dark shapes growing larger and larger. They're coming this way! Hold.",Perception
Insight,"Somebody has to be telling them things. Someone probably very high up. It could be Raishan taking the form of a human again, for all we know. Who was there and lived? Besides us? Jarett catches up, by the way. (panting) ""Is everyone all right?"" Yes. How are the citizens? Did you get everyone in there? ""Everyone seems to be safe and accounted for. There was a lot of fear, of course, but ""elation, whatever you did."" And he looks at you and looks at Shaun. ""Whatever you did, keep doing ""it, please.""",Insight
Insight,"Someone probably very high up. It could be Raishan taking the form of a human again, for all we know. Who was there and lived? Besides us? Jarett catches up, by the way. (panting) ""Is everyone all right?"" Yes. How are the citizens? Did you get everyone in there? ""Everyone seems to be safe and accounted for. There was a lot of fear, of course, but ""elation, whatever you did."" And he looks at you and looks at Shaun. ""Whatever you did, keep doing ""it, please."" I insight check Jarett.",Insight
Insight,"Who was there and lived? Besides us? Jarett catches up, by the way. (panting) ""Is everyone all right?"" Yes. How are the citizens? Did you get everyone in there? ""Everyone seems to be safe and accounted for. There was a lot of fear, of course, but ""elation, whatever you did."" And he looks at you and looks at Shaun. ""Whatever you did, keep doing ""it, please."" I insight check Jarett. Make an insight check. Seven. It's hard to read that fella. Slippery.",Insight
Perception,"eyes. This time, you send out your consciousness once more. The druidic energies carry you an extended distance in but a few moments, and your vision clicks in and you see, perched against a snow-covered rock in the inside of a ravine, a shivering, small, green dragonling. Alone, and is partially asleep against the stone. You can see just past over this large, gaping ravine that is the center of this portion of Wildemount, you can see scattered rubble covered in ice and snow and small distant things you can't quite make out with your vision here occasionally moving through it. Can you see any trees? Do I find any trees?",Perception
Stealth,"reach around and embrace your forms. You become more obscured the further the light is from your body. Keyleth, what are you doing? I cast Transport Via Plants on that big, fatty tree! Keyleth touches the edge of the tree, the rope which is affixed to above. The trunk (portal opens). Everyone ready? Go! I fly through stealthily. You fly through stealthily. I'm trying to get down to the ground quickly and hide behind something. Right. I would like all of you guys to make",Stealth
Acrobatics,"below eye-level. Vax and Keyleth? You guys just dart through, you holding her. Fly through, and then once I see them hit the ground, I'm going to dive-bomb us, and I'm going to wrap us in a little wing bubble and roll into the snow. All right. As you guys come falling out the side of the tree, you see nearby as a small, green tiny dragon gets startled and flies off. You guys go coasting, the wings expand for a second. It picks up and as you hit, whipping past the 15 feet of jagged rocks that were gathered at the base of the ravine, you scoot over it, the wings fold in around you, and you guys tumble into the",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"slams shuts, the rope cuts at the other end as the portal closes. Percy, you just make it out as the rope gives way. It is now Grog and Percy plummeting toward the ground. I cast a Grasping Vine to grab Grog. You don't have the opportunity, because this all happens in a period of six seconds and you guys just landed and coasted in the snow. Am I right under Percy? He's about five feet ahead of you, yeah. (laughs) I'm going to let that happen. You're cushioning his fall? Yep.",Acrobatics
Perception,"13. As soon as you look over your shoulder and see the ground coming, you try and swing your legs underneath to catch you, to slide across. And you begin to. Your feet catch the rock and you feel the muscles tense. Your back gets jammed a little bit. And you catch Percy in your arms, but the momentum of Percy hitting you sends you back over, and you both tumble into the snow. You do prevent Percy from taking any damage, but you do suffer five points of fall damage. Stubbed your toe, big guy? I got a booby. Is Lockheed within range still? Can we see him?",Acrobatics
Perception,"(croaking) Unless Tibs got further along with him, it was one word-- He was teaching him ""sit"" and ""play dead"" and stuff. One word at a time. All right. Stay. And stays and digs in the talons at the top of your leather armor shoulder, folds thed wings in and just waits there, huddled up against your shoulder for warmth. I'm going to look around and see if there's a direction in which it seems there's civilization or any signs of battle or otherwise.",Investigation
Nature,"ravine. What you now look upon are all the fallen remains of each of these arcane islands now plummeted, crushed, and fell into the ravine and have been sundered and destroyed. You do see figures moving quickly and crawling over elements of it, and you see a cluster of them fighting over something and then disperse. How far off? They're probably a good 300 feet off. Could we tell what kind of creatures they are? They appear to be humanoid, somewhat reptilian. Should I make us lizard people?",Perception
Insight,"scene that has transpired here. That means Raishan was here. That means Thordak was here. Umbrasyl was here. Acid. They attacked the cities as a horde. There are no signs of anyone burned. I thought you said ash. The people that are scouring through the rubble, are those dragonborn or just the lizard people? Best that you can tell right now, it appears to be dragonborn. Can we look at their behavior and see what it looks like they're doing?",Insight
Insight,"I thought you said ash. The people that are scouring through the rubble, are those dragonborn or just the lizard people? Best that you can tell right now, it appears to be dragonborn. Can we look at their behavior and see what it looks like they're doing? Make an insight check. I would like to join that insight check. I would not like to. Nine. Nine.",Insight
Insight,"to be dragonborn. Can we look at their behavior and see what it looks like they're doing? Make an insight check. I would like to join that insight check. I would not like to. Nine. Nine. I will join that insight check. I'll join in, too. You've already said no. 13. This isn't having to do with dragons? So it's 13.",Insight
Persuasion,"We had a 50-50 chance! ""Friends of Stormwind. That would make you Sky-walkers. I see your tails. You survive the ""onslaught and step into the den of those you persecuted. Well, what are your last words?"" This was a great plan. Drop it. I don't know what's going on. Is this all being said in Draconic? It's Draconian! I don't know what's happening. You know what, I don't know what to tell you. Everyone with a tail's an asshole. We got what was coming to us.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"actually Draconian. He leans in and gives you this very keen look now, and takes a few steps closer. He's about five feet from you now. ""From where I stand, you look pretty fucking Draconian to me."" Well, we have some really good magic users with us. Look, forgive us for making tails. We don't know anything about your culture. We're idiots! We came here because we know you're under attack, and we're trying to help. ""And you just wander into the caves of the Ravenites, dressed in the face of those that broke ""our backs?"" Yep, because we're stupid!",Persuasion
Perception,"Common as we walk. Is everyone still cool with this? We're going to the chieftain. Just tell us when it's time to kill everybody. We improvise. It's what we do. I think this is actually going far better than I had hoped. Just remember Vex, ticking time bomb here. We've got to get in, get out. We've got one day here. Are there any trees that we can see as we're walking? They actually said they wanted us to chop firewood, so if we can get sent on that mission, we're set.",Persuasion
Perception,"We improvise. It's what we do. I think this is actually going far better than I had hoped. Just remember Vex, ticking time bomb here. We've got to get in, get out. We've got one day here. Are there any trees that we can see as we're walking? They actually said they wanted us to chop firewood, so if we can get sent on that mission, we're set. Make a perception check. Hey, 19! Are we in the mountains? No. Are we? 29.",Perception
Nature,"into this tunnel, and on the inside, there are small glow stones set in portions of the stone. Not naturally forming, but essentially small natural bits of torchlight just pressed into the stonework to give some sort of a light source. You're led in for about five or so minutes. and you see other offshoot tunnels. It's like a giant anthill weaved throughout this, and you can see rudimentary furniture made of wood and stone, with limestone rock, whatever's available within the actual ravine here. Can I get a sense on when this was carved? If this was carved recently or if this has been here a while?",Nature
Persuasion,"for the time being. They say they come here ""because the Frigid Doom and other dragons who came are killing their people, as well. They have come ""to fight the dragon, or so they claim. They walked in under guise of our enemy. It is your wisdom to ""make these choices."" And the larger dragonborn bows his head and steps away, the spears pull back and they step, blocking the exits that you walked through  the entire archway now is shoulder to shoulder dragonborn with spears at the ready. Tooma. We apologize for coming in the guise of your enemies. Unfortunately, we don't know much about your culture, and no one ever informed us of what you have suffered, and we apologize.",Persuasion
Insight,"We will do everything in our power to watch it die. It is our only purpose. ""It has been gone for days."" It should be back very soon. ""Took most of its army with it."" Grog was right! He's always right! That was our hope, that we would be able to come here when it was at its weakest and get a sense of it. Do you know where its lair is? ""I do."" Is it far? ""It is not far, but one hour walk.""",Insight
Persuasion,"""will. But we also have learned that trust needs to be earned  it cannot be spoken and given so ""freely. Both ways. You are right to mistrust, as are we of you. But that is the impasse. One must ""have faith, in one way or another, if there is to be a compromise."" I think faith and trust are not mutually exclusive. I can not trust you and still have faith, and you should not feel lack of pride for living in the dirt, or surviving. There's nothing wrong with that. But I understand your urge to want to rebuild, become the great culture that I know you all are. So you should at least trust that we have similar interests in the end.",Persuasion
Perception,"many expensive knick-knacks and collections, all below feet of solid ice, all clustered towards the apex of this collapsed, ruined island. Tooma, is Vorugal having you collect all of this? ""Vorugal sends us to pay the debt we owe for being freed, yes. We scavenge. We spend our days ""searching for food, for the means to survive, and finding what we can from the ruins of the broken ""Draconia."" And when you can't find anything? What then? ""These are the thoughts that consume me. It is the reason you are still alive."" Everyone make",Investigation
Insight,"now the ice that encases the golden coins begins to ripple upward, and it's getting harder and harder to climb. You can see now, it comes to an apex in this bowl-like formation, and as you get to a point where it's harder to ascend, you can see Tooma stops and sees that she can't go much further, and she points up and goes, ""That is ""where it sleeps. That is where we come to give what we find. And that is where it should fall."" What is its nature? Is it vain? Does it want you to bow before it? ""It does not ask for kneeling. It asks for fear and respect. It asks us to bring the most ""powerful creatures in the land for it to chase.""",Insight
Perception,"""on them next."" Thank you. 29. Looking for any traps. Okay. You spend the next 15 minutes or so, 20 minutes, skirting around the outside of this large frozen bowl, looking for some semblance of a set trap. You don't recognize anything as any sort of mechanism placed that would set off your warning defense systems as a rogue. Can I stand on the top and look out from the platform and see what is visible from the platform and what areas seem hidden in the landscape? I'm going to join you on that.",Perception
Investigation,"would there be other sentry points, as well? If flown to and held in, yeah. There are a couple of other rock areas where the dragon would be able to hold himself, but this is definitively-- Is this the highest? Which one? The highest. The highest point. So we have a really good vantage right now. From here, yeah. This is the highest point in the ravine. Do we see the orb? Do we see an orb?",Investigation
Perception,"to make sure you don't get flushed out. Natural 20. Wow! Already? Like a cat, you go up on the ends of your fingers and the ends of your toes and all the water scoots out under you. Okay, as he scrabbles up, Delweth, you, bored and not interested in the dwarf's ass, are staring at the wall, and you notice off to the side a single brick maybe an inch out of the wall. It's nothing major, but it bumps you a little because the rest of the tunnel is pretty level and clean. I'm going to kill the party in the first",Athletics
Perception,"should be the one to let her know that she can. Obby says do magic trick. Go down the hallway. Thank you. A little ball swirls in a spiral down the hall, and you watch this little circle, like a firefly, go further and further. It's 120 foot range. Yeah. It keeps going, and then starts to dim, and then you lose sight of it. Come back! And you wanted to check for traps, here, right? Yeah.",Investigation
Perception,"Couple hours? As you're having this little walk-and-talk, down the hallway, Tarvis, you feel a little (click) under your foot. Don't. Move. What is it? I stepped on something that clicked. Who's got the torch? You do? Put it down by your feet. What do you see? What do I see? You see one tile, pushed diagonally down about a half inch in. In a real odd way. Real quick, everybody check the walls, ceilings, floors, see what this might unleash.",Stealth
Perception,"stretching about 20 feet along the roof of this tunnel, are maybe 100 tiny holes in the ceiling. Is it behind us too, or just in front of us? It starts above Tarvis. The duration of the hallway? Right where Tarvis is. Right where he has stepped. We could back up? We could just back up, then. We hold Devan above us as a human shield and keep running. That's not smart! I'm the only one that can get you to the actual thing that you need!",Investigation
Investigation,"Is it behind us too, or just in front of us? It starts above Tarvis. The duration of the hallway? Right where Tarvis is. Right where he has stepped. We could back up? We could just back up, then. We hold Devan above us as a human shield and keep running. That's not smart! I'm the only one that can get you to the actual thing that you need! Can I do a perception check to see how much weight pressure it would need to keep the tile down?",Investigation
Investigation,"us? It starts above Tarvis. The duration of the hallway? Right where Tarvis is. Right where he has stepped. We could back up? We could just back up, then. We hold Devan above us as a human shield and keep running. That's not smart! I'm the only one that can get you to the actual thing that you need! Can I do a perception check to see how much weight pressure it would need to keep the tile down? Make an investigation check.",Investigation
Perception,"punished? That is a good question. We'll never know. The Raven Queen. Yes. Since you're so eager to make your way through the hall, would you mind leading the way for us, at a good 20-foot distance from the rest of us. Obby will oblige. So Obby hobbles ahead, shamefacedly. It might be smart, you guys, to keep looking for little tiles, because my grandma's really paranoid.",Investigation
Insight,"Well, looks like we've got a storage room, I'm not sure if it's wine, there's boxes along the wall, and there's three in the center. But they're rather purposefully-- Does this look familiar to you at all? No, it does not. No, it doesn't. I don't think I've ever been down in this room before, but we've got to be close to the basement! Are we looking for the basement? Well that's where she keeps a lot of her treasure. In the basement? Yeah.",Insight
Perception,"There are more pieces of paper in there, and you find bills of sale, and amounts of coin changing hands. Records of hers. You see the names of a couple of money lenders listed in Emon, that you're familiar with. You randomly pull a contract for surveillance of General Krieg Tristan. That's a name that raises your eyebrows. Everyone in Emon knows him. That's it. It's a lot of business transactions, but you can't really make out what or who. I mean, not what, you can tell what's being changed hands for the most part, but who knows who bought, who knows who sold. And there's nothing, like, hidden or tricksy?",Investigation
Investigation,"to it is the word ""overbite,"" but you don't know what it means. But it seems to have some sort of pattern. Does it make any sense to you, Tarvis? Not sure yet. Do I recognize any code or a cipher in the writing? Make a straight-up intelligence check. Natural 20. Nine. 11. It's like carpets being sold, some weapons being sold. A loan. Okay. Can I investigate the boxes on the wall?",Investigation
Perception,"She's funny. Should we go to the next room? We will go to the door, and we will see if it's locked. Okay, you grab it? No. Obby. Obby just grabs it. Obby the Rat can break any lock. This I have heard. I will check the doorknob. Okay, so you rattle it? Yeah. Yeah, checking for traps? All right, make a",Investigation
Stealth,"This shit is clear. You are golden. We're good. I open the door. Okay. It's wide open. There's a set of stairs that winds away and goes up. Is it lit by light or torch? Just from the light that's spilling out of the room you're in. So it's dim, but you can see fine. Just leads to a stairway? Yeah. Wood? Brick? Wood. Do we hear anything up the stairs? Dren, you're up. Be as tiny as you can be, and sneak up those stairs and see what you can see.",Perception
Perception,"confused because there's only one door to this room. Wait. This is the only door in? The door that we just came through is the only door? You're disoriented. This is not how you're used to entering it. Right, I came in from the other way. Where's the other way? What other way? You recognize this room? Well yeah! This is the basement. Excellent. Delweth, Dren, go with her and explore. All right. I check for traps.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"No, I'm good. No, we're fine. How many feet away am I from the chest of death? 20. 20? They're on to us. What I want to do is run, take a flying leap off that first chest. Okay. Oh no. You can do that. And fly up, and do I have enough momentum to go over the chest that is holding her?",Acrobatics
Insight,"Do you guys want to hear haikus? I'd love to hear a haiku. Do you have one ready for us? I killed all the chest...s. They are now all dead. So I am the best, y'all. So the room falls quiet, there are two slobbery disgusting messes with daggers and your shortsword is sticking out of it and you're surrounded by money. I race over to Devan. Good job, guys! That was really scary, I'm sorry about that, Tarvis. Are you all right? Oh, he cares?",Insight
Insight,"I'd love to hear a haiku. Do you have one ready for us? I killed all the chest...s. They are now all dead. So I am the best, y'all. So the room falls quiet, there are two slobbery disgusting messes with daggers and your shortsword is sticking out of it and you're surrounded by money. I race over to Devan. Good job, guys! That was really scary, I'm sorry about that, Tarvis. Are you all right? Oh, he cares? I insight check him. I know he's full of",Insight
Perception,"Oh. I don't think this is the one. No. How about we each get one of those nice, pretty stones, and then we don't reach in any more booty until we leave? How about that? You don't think the jewel's in any of these chests? It really would be smart to look. Sure. Let's search the chests. I'll search the room for the jewel. Check them for traps before you open them. Yeah. I'll check the barrels that I was standing on for traps.",Perception
Perception,"No. How about we each get one of those nice, pretty stones, and then we don't reach in any more booty until we leave? How about that? You don't think the jewel's in any of these chests? It really would be smart to look. Sure. Let's search the chests. I'll search the room for the jewel. Check them for traps before you open them. Yeah. I'll check the barrels that I was standing on for traps. For traps? Okay, make a perception check.",Perception
Stealth,"on for traps. For traps? Okay, make a perception check. Anyone who wants to check, make a perception check. There's no other doors, right? There is another door. Ten. 22. 18. 11. In the interest of time, you all fan out, open everything you can find, drag your hand through chests full of wealth. There is a lot of money here. There is no giant emerald. I pocket as much as I can.",Investigation
Perception,"You'll win it back. I go over and grab a ruby out of that box. I search for a ruby. Obviously? Yeah. You said we could all take one. I did. So I did. I'm taking a ruby. That big, I find one. Okay. Biggest one in the box. I move to the door. All right. Are we moving out? Yes. We're checking it for traps and seeing if it's locked.",Investigation
Perception,"So I did. I'm taking a ruby. That big, I find one. Okay. Biggest one in the box. I move to the door. All right. Are we moving out? Yes. We're checking it for traps and seeing if it's locked. Make a perception check. Do you want me to Mage Hand the door? I grab my shortsword before all of this, also. Can I look around the room for the rat symbol anywhere?",Investigation
Perception,"Okay. Biggest one in the box. I move to the door. All right. Are we moving out? Yes. We're checking it for traps and seeing if it's locked. Make a perception check. Do you want me to Mage Hand the door? I grab my shortsword before all of this, also. Can I look around the room for the rat symbol anywhere? Did you make a perception check already? I was looking for the jewel before.",Investigation
Perception,"Yeah, I'll go to the doorway. Doorway then stairs up out of this basement. Yeah. So you're going up to the top of the stairs? Yeah. Polished wood. And from where you can see, you see a couple of dog beds. You don't see them all yet because you aren't that far into the room. Aside from the dog beds, it looks like a very beautiful room. Can I see any animal hair, or any saliva dried on the floor, any claw marks?",Perception
Nature,"I will go and inspect the dog beds, is that what I've been commissioned to do? Yeah, take Delweth with you. I don't need her. One night, that's all, you know, after one night-- What am I doing? I'm checking the dog beds for traps. What did you roll? Five. You poke at them. They're soft, comfortable, warm, they smell mildly like pee. And I will sniff around and see if I can smell any animals.",Nature
Insight,"Yes. What can we do for you, Tarvis? Delweth, will you secure the room, and see if there are any small dog doors that would open and surprise us in a very nasty way? Will you check the perimeter of the room? Dren and Devan, shall we make our way to that lovely desk? Yes! Sure. Your hesitation? I don't know why you want to check a desk. No? I mean, you're looking for an emerald, right? A big fat one?",Insight
Insight,"Delweth, will you secure the room, and see if there are any small dog doors that would open and surprise us in a very nasty way? Will you check the perimeter of the room? Dren and Devan, shall we make our way to that lovely desk? Yes! Sure. Your hesitation? I don't know why you want to check a desk. No? I mean, you're looking for an emerald, right? A big fat one? I do an insight check. She gave you judgy face.",Insight
Perception,"She gave you judgy face. Is that what I do? I want to insight check you. Me? Yeah. Okay. That would be a three. Do I add anything to it? Yeah, you add two. That would be a five. Make a roll and add your charisma bonus. I would have to roll, like, nothing, because-- ten. Great. Clobbered. Yeah, I don't know.",Perception
Perception,"An almanac? I'll take the almanac. Do you remember your grandmother having any celestial connection? She's a wizard? She's a sorcerer. Just like me! Only stronger. Look, you guys want a jewel. Where is it? You have me here. I don't why you're not listening to me. It's going to be upstairs! You stuck your hand in the thing and we had to fight that. Yeah, but those weren't there before, you know? Can I check the underside of the desk and the chair for hidden switches?",Persuasion
Perception,"What language is it, Tarvis? What languages do you speak? Common and Orc. Elvish and Dwarven. Fuck. The globe is a planet globe, or is it an orb? It's a planet globe, and you can't read what's on that, either. You spin it around, look at it for a while, you do recognize the coast of Emon. If I open up the almanac and flip through the pages really fast, are there any markings or things that are circled, or anything that might be a cypher or codex for the letters? No.",Investigation
Perception,"first floor. There's other rooms in the house  there's a kitchen, dining room, library, and sitting room for guests. Out at the front of the house are where the twin sets of staircases are that lead up to the second floor, to your old bedroom, and to the hall. The hall. The room. Can I lead them there? Are you going to go on a little march? Should we? Do you trust me? No. Do you want a jewel? Yeah. Let's go to the doors. I inspect the doors to see if there any traps and go stealth.",Investigation
Stealth,"I don't hear any dogs, no. Is this the hallway you were talking about? No. This is a hall, though. That's true! Should we walk down it? I'll go in the lead this time. Again with my rapier out. Is that all right with you, Tarvis, if I take the lead in this? Please, yes. Do you want me to send some lights down the hallway? Not right now. I will take the rear. I do not like dogs. So you guys slowly creep your way down.",Perception
Perception,"14. 24. 19. You quietly move your way down, this one bumps a potted plant on the way-- Is that dog? Everybody holds still for a second. Nothing. You continue on, you eventually meet another set of doors, just like the ones you went through. You know this leads to the front of the house. What's through there? The foyer. Again, I'll take Mage Hand and go along the edge of the door, checking for traps--",Perception
Perception,"the rest of the city, out of her grounds. You can barely, in this heavy rain, see two more guys, standing on the other side. Be quick about it. Search, come back, and let's move on. So you guys split off to the library? Yes. You can see in here. It's totally dark, but bookshelves curve all the way around the entirety of this room. There's one of those rolling ladders that slides along to reach the books on the top shelf. There's a nice loveseat with a small side table next to it. There's a book, open, upside down, on the table.",Investigation
Perception,"(laughter) We take the last tarp and pull it off. It is another love seat like the one that you saw down in the library. It's identical, actually. I take a dagger out and shove it in the cushions of the love seat and drag it across, open it up. Stuffing pops out. No need for violence. Those dogs get all over the place and ruin shit all the time. Dogs? What dogs? I know every child's got a secret hiding",Investigation
Stealth,"I don't know if you can control yourself in the funroom, so I'm going to take the rope that I have, and I'm going to bind your hands behind your back before we go into the funroom. Oh, that's pointless because I'm going to need my hands. If you want to get through the funroom, I'm going to need my hands! I can watch her, Tarvis. I'll make sure she doesn't do anything-- Oh, Dren, you said you wanted to tie her hands behind her back for me? Yeah, Tarvis, that's what I said, sure. And I tie it, but really loose, but they don't see that, maybe?",Stealth
Perception,"Well, yeah! Where was the wall sconce? It was right there. I feel right where she's pointing. You give a knock. Maybe we need her blood. Dren, cut her. No, there's more to do! Sheesh! Can I walk down the hallway? You can, yeah. Look, if there's traps, then she'll get hit by them! Is that what you're doing? Can I look for traps as I'm walking down the hall?",Investigation
Perception,"down the hallway? You can, yeah. Look, if there's traps, then she'll get hit by them! Is that what you're doing? Can I look for traps as I'm walking down the hall? Sure, make a perception check. Where were the shields? Were they at the bottom of the hallway from where we are? No, they were hanging up on the sides of the doors decoratively. That we came in? Yeah, the ones you came in.",Investigation
Investigation,"Sure, make a perception check. Where were the shields? Were they at the bottom of the hallway from where we are? No, they were hanging up on the sides of the doors decoratively. That we came in? Yeah, the ones you came in. I also make a perception check. Eight! 17! Can I check the floor for traps? The floor, sure. I'm going to check the shield to see if I can intuit how it works.",Investigation
Arcana,"sort of arcane scrawl on the floor. Like, scrawl? Yeah, like a ring written in a circle. You tug the rug back a bit and you see it goes further under the carpet and you see the edge of a spiral pattern of writing that you can't-- Is it Elvish? I was going to ask. It's not. Oh, it's not? No. Dwarvish? No. Orcish?",Investigation
Perception,"It's not. Oh, it's not? No. Dwarvish? No. Orcish? Make an arcana check. Oh, me? No problem. That's a motherfucking one. (laughter) That is Esperanto. Cool. I can jump on things and unlock things. All right, we will start walking very",Arcana
Arcana,"Make an arcana check. Oh, me? No problem. That's a motherfucking one. (laughter) That is Esperanto. Cool. I can jump on things and unlock things. All right, we will start walking very slowly. Can I do a perception check for any traps down this hallway? Or is it all sort of fucked anyway? It's a long hallway and there's so much shit in here that it's like process a little bit as you go. All right, let's take it real slow.",Arcana
Arcana,"Oh, me? No problem. That's a motherfucking one. (laughter) That is Esperanto. Cool. I can jump on things and unlock things. All right, we will start walking very slowly. Can I do a perception check for any traps down this hallway? Or is it all sort of fucked anyway? It's a long hallway and there's so much shit in here that it's like process a little bit as you go. All right, let's take it real slow. What if you do an arcana check?",Arcana
Perception,"Devan's first. I'm third, Dren's fourth. There's also enough room to go side by side, which is-- No, I know, but I'm pushing her forward. Everyone going single-file, yeah? Who's third? I am. And Obby in the rear, like he likes it. So you continue to walk? Slowly, investigating everything as we go. Are you looking for traps, further traps? I use my Mage Hand to push the carpet as we go forward to see if there's anything--",Investigation
Perception,"One was a lake. Do we see her splashing around in the painting? 45 seconds have passed. I go to the water painting and start feeling it. What's your constitution modifier, Laura? Plus six. I go and splash around in the water. Does anything happen? What water? There's no water. Isn't there water? Oh, in the painting. I'm looking at the painting to see if there's anything.",Athletics
Perception,"I go and splash around in the water. Does anything happen? What water? There's no water. Isn't there water? Oh, in the painting. I'm looking at the painting to see if there's anything. Okay, make a perception check. 12. Okay. Nothing. I pull the painting off the wall and stick my dagger into it. You pull the painting off the wall and see a scrawl of arcane glyphs in a circle, there. No, it's right parallel to where Devan was.",Arcana
Arcana,"What water? There's no water. Isn't there water? Oh, in the painting. I'm looking at the painting to see if there's anything. Okay, make a perception check. 12. Okay. Nothing. I pull the painting off the wall and stick my dagger into it. You pull the painting off the wall and see a scrawl of arcane glyphs in a circle, there. No, it's right parallel to where Devan was. Okay. All right, glyphs, perception check on the glyphs? Arcane check, arcana?",Arcana
Perception,"didn't know that was going to happen? You've actually never been in this room. I've never been in this room. You were in the hallway, though, before. Yeah. And I told you guys to look for a wall sconce, and then you marched me down the hallway. Let's do it again. Yeah. All right. Anything else in this room? In this room? Yeah. Have a look around if you'd like. I'd like to look around the room.",Perception
Perception,"You've actually never been in this room. I've never been in this room. You were in the hallway, though, before. Yeah. And I told you guys to look for a wall sconce, and then you marched me down the hallway. Let's do it again. Yeah. All right. Anything else in this room? In this room? Yeah. Have a look around if you'd like. I'd like to look around the room. Perception check, please.",Perception
Insight,"air to create shards of ice and use them. Yep. Sounds like a pretty special woman. I think you should be grateful to have a grandmother like her. (laughs) I think she would like you a lot. Family is very important. So what do we do? I don't know. There's another rat over there. What's in this room? What's in the center of the room? What is it? That circular, beautiful, spiraling outward, floral thing? I don't know. You never used it?",Insight
Perception,"you choose-- It's everybody within a 20-foot area. Everybody, or-- Everybody. I can't be specific as to who, what, and the where now? Big ass slumber party. What are you casting? Sleep, I was going to cast Sleep. Now, you can slap whoever you want awake afterwards. But it's a 20-foot area. You can also aim it straight up in the air. I can. All right, I'm going to aim it straight up at that thing. I don't know what that",Stealth
Sleight of Hand,"Well depends whose turn it is. It's currently, fuck these 'D' names! It is Dren's turn. Could I try to steal it from Tarvis? Steal the-- The ledger. Sleight of hand. Sure. Am I close enough to just do it? But you're one of us, you're one of the Clasp. She's in love with Devan. You move over ten feet and what do you do? I try to steal the ledger.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"Dren's turn. Could I try to steal it from Tarvis? Steal the-- The ledger. Sleight of hand. Sure. Am I close enough to just do it? But you're one of us, you're one of the Clasp. She's in love with Devan. You move over ten feet and what do you do? I try to steal the ledger. Make a sleight of hand check. 18.",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"I don't have everybody. Devan, what did you roll? Three. Dren, go. Should I smash the emerald? Everybody can tell, everybody's moving, you see everybody moving at the same time. What are you going to do? Tied together in a glorious love-- beautiful moment. I'm going to move in front of Devan. Wait. Why are we seated at these tables? (laughter) It's all clear now. And while I'm moving, can I give her the emerald?",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"You can, sure. That'll be your whole action and move if you want. You can do a perception check if you want, though. My perception is bunk. There's no sweeping attacks I can do, I'm assuming. I can't do a crazy flourish? No. You can disengage to get away out of that little kill box, and then I'd let you do perception if you want. That sounds smart. Yeah, I'm going to move out of the kill box. Disengage. I guess next to Devan. Here? Sure. And then I'll do a perception.",Perception
Perception,"finger pipes? Yes. Can I try and play some music on that shit? You can. I had the baby finger pipes on my body. They're not there. They're not there? Oh, then I go and Dren-- oh, she doesn't have them. Oh, look, they're on Devan's stupid dead body. Can I try and play some music? (raspberry sound) We're going to die in here. What else is in that room?",Perception
Persuasion,"I see this going on, and I stand up on something, and I yell to the students-- Before this happens, as you're getting up, you watch as Vax rears back, and as he throws it, (yelps) he pulls a muscle in his shoulder and it drops to the ground, and you're like (pained noises). Seriously? I jump up on a chair and I yell to the Instructor Kashaw has instructed us that this is a drill! You are to attack that man right there, that large man, as a test of your strength and training. Now! Don't kill them, Grog!",Persuasion
Investigation,"your strength modifier? Seven. Seven. You take 14 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to half because you're taking Uncanny Dodge. So only seven points bludgeoning damage. You stay there for a second, stunned. You feel a bit of bile and iron taste in the back of your throat. And in the distance you hear: (strained) I feel so alive. (laughter) First rule of Fight Club. Can I check the Titanstone Knuckles? Have they changed now that I've kicked a friend in the face?",Insight
Insight,"slowly dwindling bit of the blue energy, now restored to its full strength. He's got to use the privy at some point. Yeah, he's probably squeezing one out. It's okay. A moment passes before the door opens again and you see Gilmore there, beads of sweat down the front of his face. He's got his fuzzy purple-blue robe wrapped around him. ""My sincerest apologies, ""I had to take care of the now morning ritual."" How are you holding up, Gilmore? ""I'm fine. This is child's play compared to what you're having to deal with on a daily basis, ""I'm sure.""",Insight
Investigation,"Can I reach them? Yeah. Pull them out. Really nice, high-quality silk and cotton based, embroidered shirts. Look more ceremonial, special event type, long, maybe knee-length. What's the decoration like in the room? Currently, it's pretty bland. You can see a couple of colored tapestries similar to the center of the floor rug that are hanging, but there are a lot of blank areas. It looks like decorations have been removed, or at least haven't been there for a long time. The room, for the most part, seems to be abandoned. Is the box trapped?",Investigation
Nature,"this small oasis town, he goes, ""Let's see, if you follow-- that is the sun."" He looks up, and you see his eyes adjust to the brighter sky. ""The sun is there. It will be setting... that direction. ""Continue... what is the word you speak?"" North, northwest. No, northeast. ""That is west. You want to north, so go that way. Yes. That is where you want to go."" Thank you. Is there a road to follow, or is it just a direction? ""I haven't been in many years. As far as I know, there are signs. There are not roads. There ""are guides you could hire to bring you there.""",Perception
Deception,"here, before I do this? It's a one-camel town. I mist us. All right. As you guys take a moment to concentrate, each one of you transforms into mist. As you begin to go one by the other, you do hear a couple of (gasps). You glance over your shoulder to see three kids, all looking up at you all with these big, scared smiles. Before I go, I say: stay in school, kids. And then I mist. I'm going to Slimer the kid. As I turn into mist, I go: I'm melting! Melting! Oh, what a world!",Deception
Perception,"the night? They're maybe 40 feet from the gates. Well, let's camp 40 feet. Let's camp with them. You want to put a magical door 40 feet? I'm perfectly okay. It's not like they can come in. No one can enter who can't be invited. You want to make a mystical door floating in the middle of their tents? Do the people seem friendly? Do they seem tired? We're going to camp next to their campsite.",Investigation
Persuasion,"Great. So with that, Percival, Scanlan, and Vex wait outside the shimmering doorway to Scanlan's magnificent mansion. You see the guards begin to approach. The one at the front, a square-jawed, intense-looking man who looks to be not enjoying his current time schedule as a guard on the outside of the southern gates of Ank'Harel approaches, hand at the side clutching some sort of weapon that he has currently sheathed. ""May I ask the business of this strange conjuration ""you've brought at this hour of the night?"" It is our very expensive tent. Be pleased.",Persuasion
Stealth,"See you in a minute! [break] Welcome back, everyone! Returning from the break, Vox Machina has an evening of rest in Scanlan's magnificent mansion. You come to consciousness the following morning, stationed within the beautiful confines of this magical mansion, unaware directly of what awaits you on the other side of the doorway. However, the morning is yours. What do you wish to do? I'm going to stealth back to my room. Okay. (laughs) Oh. No one sees anything.",Stealth
Persuasion,"We are seeking a man called... J'mon Sa Ord. No, I don't think we want to talk to the king. Do we? Merchant warrior? No, not that one? Who the fuck are we trying to see? We would like to talk to J'mon Sa Ord or his or her advisors to seek advice. ""You come for an audience with the emperor?"" We come for an audience with many people, to be honest. We are looking at many avenues of possible help. Contacts, trade, anything that can help us in our time of dire need.",Persuasion
Perception,"find and come across. If you wish, you could ""purchase this batch."" Okay. I've seen this before. I'm not interested in buying from you. I just want a market or a bazaar or anything. ""Bazaar. You are looking for the Suncut Bazaar?"" Yeah, that! ""It is farther down that way. Look to the blue tower in the center of the city? Walk in its ""direction to the eastern skyline--"" I'm not looking in the direction. I'm keeping my eyes on them the entire time he's talking.",Insight
Perception,"purchasing their necessities for the day. You can smell cooking meats and food in the distance. You can see street performers juggling, and distant music of buskers in the side of the street, some you recognize, some you do not. You actually see a shawm. It catches your attention on the side of the street. I need a new reed for that. And here you are, amongst the Suncut Bazaar. Can I whip around and see if anyone's following us? Ooh, Dust of Tracelessness.",Perception
Investigation,"stare intently. They're more curious, but no one appears to be following you. Are the shops here indoors, or are they outdoor tent markets? There are a few that appear to go into buildings, but the majority of this, as you look at now the Suncut Bazaar itself, while it is a section of the city, it is mostly open sky and is probably hundreds of various tents, carts, pop-up stand-ups, and even the center of the street, blankets set out, with the various merchants there with their wares strewn across the ground, waiting for anybody to come and approach. Do we see any spice merchants?",Perception
Investigation,"Shubad? ""Shubad."" Keyleth. ""A pleasure to meet you."" A pleasure. Thank you so much. Are any of the barkers talking about magic stuff? I'm also looking for a soothsayer. What do you want to see, a show? Well, I don't know. It just seems so exotic. Anything out of the ordinary and/or a soothsayer, card-reader, bones-reader, whatever they have that's like that.",Persuasion
Investigation,"I gave away my salt-lick rock! You did. (laughter) I take a moment to marvel at how a being of such ferocity and power can be such a doofus at the same time. It's amazing. I'm going to plant myself at the end of two rows of the intersection and wait for people to Spice? Spice, spice, spice? You spice it? Spice, spice, spice? Can I have seen Percy looking around? Yeah. Can I help him look? Percival, what did you roll?",Perception
Deception,"shoes, and before him a deck of cards that is laying in a stack, and he has his eyes closed with his hands resting at the ends of his knees. It sounds like fun. Want to walk up? Yeah? You mind blowing a little bit of money on this? No, actually. Are we all there? Depends on if you guys want to follow. I'd like to follow. Okay. as you guys are approaching, you over in the corner. Spice it? Spice it? Fusaka!",Deception
Insight,"What did you say? Oh, we search for a man. Pulls up two more cards and throws them, and they land almost exactly in the same place as the other two cards that he tossed before. They scoot to a stop. One card appears to be mostly blank, except it carries some sort of a stylized symbol or letter that you don't recognize. And the other one appears to be a hand of cards stuffed within a pile of coin. ""You seek this man, yet it is not a ""man you seek. To where the luck brings you, the answers lie."" And he puts out his hand. Five more. Five more. ""And the third question?""",Insight
Deception,"casino."" Okay. That sounds good. ""All right. Hour past sundown, we'll find you there."" Tonight? What time? ""An hour past sundown."" Oh, sorry. I was thinking about the casino. Sorry. ""How much do you want?"" Oh my god. I'm not prepared for this! He starts looking a little untrusting. Be cool, man. Be cool. Enough to get me through a week of heavy use. I want to go on a bender.",Deception
Perception,"Thanks, mom. It is burned into my head. Getting our own? Yeah, we go get our own. You guys are brought into one of the small sections of the Shade. You are given your choice of various tobaccos. While it's not a large room, per se, you can all comfortably lounge in there. It's a nice place to get away. You can hear the distant sounds of the city, but for the most part, there's a soft violin music that plays towards the center of the area, so at least it has a nice atmosphere to it. As we're in there, do we notice anyone with any large scars walking around?",Perception
Investigation,"Is that where we're going to sleep tonight? That's where the Scarbearers are. We can get a room here. And your deal is this evening, yes? Yeah, we've got some time for that. So we take off for the Debt's Respite. Okay. Who's leading the charge for that? No, you're not. I will. Okay. Go ahead and make an investigation check, if you don't mind. Investigation. You're terrible at those. (laughing) This is everything I wanted. I'm so happy right now. 26.",Investigation
Perception,"partially ajar and as you push it open, you can see the inside is a whole different story. As your eyes adjust to the interior you find actually a bustling business of barhands slinging tankards across seven stained wood tables, some of the folk look rather day-drunk, similar to these individuals, though it has worn a bit off since the original sip. And most look to be various miscreants or post-work farmers taking a break. The interior is familiar and probably closer to the taverns you're used to in more of the poorer districts of Emon and surrounding cities than some of the more luxurious areas you've recently found yourselves in. Vax, Vex, and Keyleth-- actually,",Investigation
Investigation,"""All right. I take no responsibility what happens to your bear outside."" Thank you. ""That'll run you ten gold per room. 30 gold for the night."" (whispers) Ten gold? (louder) Are these really fancy rooms, then? ""No. God no. I don't know where you're from in Emon or what the prices are there, but here, ""it's expensive."" Every fucking thing is expensive here. Can I attempt to start looking around the room to try and find anything interesting and try and be useful?",Persuasion
Perception,"it's up to her when she wants to respond."" Is there anything else you can tell me about her? He starts giving you a curious look and goes, ""You come in here asking to hire one of my ""finest and don't know what work she does?"" I know what work she does. ""What work do you need her for?"" We need to save the world. ""And you need her help to save the world."" Sadly, but true. We at the very least need her blessing. While he's talking, can I keep an eye on the figure in the corner?",Persuasion
Perception,"walks towards the table. Holds up the scroll, and the figure leans in. Covers his mouth and he whispers into the ear of the figure. The figure takes the scroll, gives a nod to all of you, and walks out of the tavern. ""He'll deliver that to her ""promptly, now be on your way. 15 gold."" Oh yes, of course! Thank you for the rooms. Takes a keyring out and starts fudging through the keys, pulls a few off and tosses them to you across the table. ""All right, you've got it for a night."" I heard Grog. I'm going to follow out the door, go stealth. Okay. You vanish out the door. Make a",Insight
Perception,"can see the figure, full on, arms out to the side rushed behind, going into a very fast run, down the shaded hallway. Shaded hallway? The alleyway. I'll follow. Okay, so you continue to follow. At a distance. All right. Following the masked figure, you continue to give chance. It darts erratically, zig-zagging between areas. You can see this is a very trained pattern to lose anybody following them, but you're also trained in following those that wish not to be followed. Make another",Stealth
Perception,"You come around one corner, and you can see there's a wall that ends there, and you see just a little slip of material pass. And as you glance over, you can see the figure has jumped down onto a lower walkway onto what appears to be a recessed sector of this part of Ank'Harel, and has already darted beneath a nearby bridge and overpass that walks across to another series of buildings. You leap over, keeping in the shadow, and give chase down that way. You turn around underneath the bridge and you can see underneath the bridge, there is an archway that leads into a dark path down an actual hallway beneath the series of buildings you just saw ahead of you. Make another",Stealth
Stealth,"sunlight is coming through. You can just see the dark outline as it darts forward and then leaps off again, down the right past that exit. You follow, and you look off the side just as you see the figure slink behind one large crate next to a storage section outside of a warehouse. It ducks behind another one. Darts up to a building that looks to be shuttered and closed. It looks like a furniture store with a little sign at the top that says, ""A Kingly Home."" It moves an empty rain barrel to the side and slips the leather case through a hole that was previously hidden by the barrel, dropping it inside the building, slides the barrel over it again. Looks back and forth.",Stealth
Insight,"Yeah! ""Then I guess you know what an animal's bum tastes like, eh?"" (sputters) Hold on. You mean they squeeze the asshole of something out there? ""Oh, completely!"" No! ""They hold it down and just squeeze its abdomen and the whole sandkheg spews out into this little ""glass barrel and then you pay for it. Top dollar."" Yeah, it's 300 something gold! ""Oh, did you buy some?"" No.",Insight
Investigation,"Thank you for the rooms. Breakfast? Is there breakfast here? (scoffs) ""No, you find your own food."" Awesome. Does he still have some drink in front of him? It hasn't been filled since, no. Oh, never mind. Do you guys head to your rooms? Okay. You make your way up to the rooms. They're all clean, serviceable, nothing too fancy, but functional rooms. Each with two beds. I want to check for anything unusual, if there's anything iffy about the rooms.",Investigation
Investigation,"(scoffs) ""No, you find your own food."" Awesome. Does he still have some drink in front of him? It hasn't been filled since, no. Oh, never mind. Do you guys head to your rooms? Okay. You make your way up to the rooms. They're all clean, serviceable, nothing too fancy, but functional rooms. Each with two beds. I want to check for anything unusual, if there's anything iffy about the rooms. Investigation check. Oh, I would follow suit.",Investigation
Investigation,"there's anything iffy about the rooms. Investigation check. Oh, I would follow suit. Investigation check. Oh, for the love of fucking-- Natural one? No. Nine. Nine. Nothing seems to be out of place or out of the ordinary. Obviously. 13. 13? Seems to be a room. I'm just going to check under the beds, that's it.",Investigation
Investigation,"weapons? You walk around. and there are weapons being sold. Are there any exotic weapons? No. Most weapons you find here are ornamental  they're for decoration. They're for putting above mantelpieces. There are various blades that have bolting mechanisms in the back where you can easily mount them to a wall. None of them, that you can see, at least, that are open in this bazaar for sale, are presented as an actual item for warfare. Okay. Is there a magic shop?",Investigation
Persuasion,"""For the belt, maybe."" For the belt, obviously. We've already established that that's in the silver range and certainly not touching the gold. ""Right, but you're willing to have and to offer that 75 gold for it, please."" 75 gold for the entire set. ""No, it's not going to work. I'm sorry."" No, and of course that makes sense that a hundred gold for that entire set would be very fair. I'm starting to take a nap against a column standing up. Just buy it. 100 gold. You've had it for so long.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"of the desert. The guards do eye you suspiciously as you approach, and you watch as one armored woman, her dark hair hidden mostly beneath an ornate helmet of brass and blue, approaches you guys. ""Welcome to the Cerulean Palace. I must ask ""your business here."" Forgive us for our intrusion. We come seeking an audience of J'mon Sa Ord. ""Our emperor does not take meetings. My apologies, but I must ask you to leave."" We are, in fact, a group of ambassadors from the continent of Emon, from the cities of-- Continent of Tal'Dorei, city of Emon. It concerns the fate of the world.",Persuasion
Perception,"""that for a time."" It looks that way, but I also have a strapping-sized bladder, and I've been known to leave strapping-sized messes in corners. You see, I don't really come from all this finery, so the side of the wall is just as good with me. It's just I'm trying to be polite. She leans behind the hallway. (foreign language) ""Just a moment."" Another guard walks up behind and kicks a bucket into the room. That'll do. Put up or shut up. Can I hear anything from the other side of the door?",Perception
Athletics,"giant bastard? You may! What is the range on it? 120 feet, on the Chain of Returning. Yes. No. Is that right? No, that's not right. I thought it was 30, it's a pretty short distance to throw it. Oh shit, is it? I don't have it! It's like a thousand feet. We're a little rusty. How tall would you say this guy is? This guy? 15 feet. He's 15 feet tall, Grog. 15 feet. Uh-huh. Chain of Returning! It doesn't say! It must be attached. Melee weapon. Thrown.",Athletics
Stealth,"bonus action to go earth elemental! As the growling sound of stone and metal seems to vibrate the floor, you step back and hulk out into your elemental form, almost returning a similar earth-against-stone growl back at it. There she is. Top of the round. Vax, you're up. Would you allow me to use my bonus action to go stealth and quietly run over using my hasted speed to get over to my sister behind that stone thingy in the middle of the room? You could certainly try. Yes, I'd like to try. Four, five, six. one. Get behind there, go",Stealth
Athletics,"begin to swell in size, your strides getting longer and longer. By the time you approach it, you are right there. You are now one size category larger. Mighty Joe Young, bitch. Push him out the window, Grog! All righty, so you are attempting to make a shove attack. Okay. You push it away from you. Yes, a strength check against either his strength or dexterity, it's the target's choice. He also has disadvantage on strength checks. So he's going to choose dexterity. Nope, his dexterity is fucking awful. So you",Athletics
Athletics,"Why would you throw that out there?! Great way to hear God laugh is to announce your plans. Point! Grog, your turn. After seeing Vex fall and then Scanlan lift her up and then Vax get slammed into the wall and Keyleth showing up in this very attractive form, I would like to reckless attack, and for a bonus action, go into a frenzied rage for a third attack, and use all three to try and push him out the window. Yes! All righty! You go into your frenzied rage.",Athletics
Athletics,"Ank'Harel! Do we notice any rocket boosters on its heels? You have plenty of movement. You push it back, you move in to get within range there. Go ahead and make another. 27. 27, that is a 17. Yes! Pushed back, it's right up to the edge now, its shoulders dropped against the edge. Its blade is still on the ground. Do you move in and go for a final one? Yes, please.",Athletics
Athletics,"Grog kicks it out the window and it disappears out of sight. I find earth elemental Keyleth. (heavy hand slap) Don't leave me hanging, says Bigby's Hand! Yeah! Whack! It's like a jive hand shake, it's like, yeah! Get a little weasel. I'm going to skitter over to my sister and help her up Saving Private Ryan style. I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on myself there. Go for it. At 3rd-level there. Hey Grog! Chest bump! Huh! Yeah!",Athletics
Athletics,"hand slap) Don't leave me hanging, says Bigby's Hand! Yeah! Whack! It's like a jive hand shake, it's like, yeah! Get a little weasel. I'm going to skitter over to my sister and help her up Saving Private Ryan style. I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on myself there. Go for it. At 3rd-level there. Hey Grog! Chest bump! Huh! Yeah! Both of you guys make athletics checks. Yes! Who?",Athletics
Investigation,"Percy, point me in the direction. I'll fly and get it. Natural 20. You became the animated gif of the cat that gets the flower on its head and sees through space and time. You guys watch as Percy zones out for five minutes, the hand moving at a rapid pace across the paper. I found a window and I'm doing the Beautiful Mind. What that enables you, as you get some ideas as to the trajectory, the speed, the strength of Grog in the non-grown form versus the grown form. This does allow you, whoever wants to lead this",Stealth
Perception,"So we're not going to hit them. Excuse me, but this is poetic justice if I have ever seen it. That is beautiful. This has been the metaphor game. This is a metaphor for our entire existence. Yeah, some poor folks in Ank'Harel right now are having a really bad afternoon. Yeah, I do a Gust cantrip overtop of us to keep from getting splattered. I'm going to keep my hand on your wrist, Percy. I'm not going to look down. I'm going to look ahead. I'm good. He directs you vaguely where it may have",Athletics
Persuasion,"""This is my surprised face. This is Quan a Drensal, or The Run of Luck. It is a traditional ""old Marquet game of chance. It's what the casino is partially named after. It was founded on this ""particular sport, if you will. People bet on which lizard reaches the end first. Then the people who ""choose correctly make a profit. The second makes half back what was bet. The rest lose all to the house."" Is it possible for me to get a closer look at the specimens you are racing? ""Why?"" I'm a purveyor of fabulous beasts and I just want to see these fabulous creatures you're raising and racing.",Persuasion
Perception,"short, over the edge of his scalp. He has a really well-trimmed goatee and a very big hoop gold earring in one ear. His hand is wrapped around your shoulder and he goes, ""So. Verdaven said we are to speak, yes?"" Maybe. ""Well, then. Follow me to more private quarters where we can have a conversation."" Lead the way. He releases your shoulder and begins walking up the stairs to the second floor. I'll join him. All right. Did we see him walking up the stairs?",Perception
Perception,"well-trimmed goatee and a very big hoop gold earring in one ear. His hand is wrapped around your shoulder and he goes, ""So. Verdaven said we are to speak, yes?"" Maybe. ""Well, then. Follow me to more private quarters where we can have a conversation."" Lead the way. He releases your shoulder and begins walking up the stairs to the second floor. I'll join him. All right. Did we see him walking up the stairs? Make a perception check.",Perception
Stealth,"the landing, up where the stairs stop and then head further up. Is the gambling only at the first level, or is it up higher levels as well? You haven't been to the second floor. I think I'll, after a little bit, grab a drink and then-- Drunkenly head up. Yeah. Okay. So you guys head to get a drink. Can I ride my 20 up the stairs? I'd say at this point, because you're no longer hiding in a corner, you're actually entering a social place, you'll have to go ahead",Stealth
Persuasion,"after the other, onto the table. They are tied at the very top. It's a high-quality burlap-type material on the outside, only the weave is much tighter so it's not liable to leak or stumble out. ""So it is difficult to acquire this. I would say one for 250, or both for 400 gold."" How do I know it's of a quality I'm accustomed to, from my homeland? ""Because I have a reputation to uphold. If you wish not to have any, perhaps you find ""business with less viable options."" Forgive me, I'm not from around here. I don't know of your reputation. Could I possibly have a sample to see?",Persuasion
Deception,"For the cost of two gold pieces amongst the three of you, or four of you, if you're a part of this as well, Grog-- The slushy margaritas. No, I'm hitting on ladies. Yeah! With a simple shoulder tap and an introduction, they turn with a smile and stare directly into the rhino-like helmet on your forehead, seem confused, and lose interest very quickly. You clearly do not know how rich I am as the Countess of Febreze. I own many magnificent horses.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"And he goes, (chuckles) ""What, this one?"" Yes, yes, I am the magister of Sh'breeze, and I have many steeds. A night with me would truly honor your lady fair. They both share a glance and look back at you, and he goes, ""Piss off, half-born putz."" Oh, shit. ""Piss off."" And he takes her arm by his side and pulls her close to him. I reach out and I grab his I'm so sorry, this amazing decorative piece on my head sometimes impedes my hearing. I take the hat off. What was it you called me?",Intimidation
Nature,"collectible to-go cups that you bought off the barkeep because, sure. It's not like I've never bought a ridiculous plastic dragon necklace with the flashing LEDs before. I disappointedly drop the backpack in Here's your fucking cinnamon, you idiot. Are you sure it's not real? What'd you guys get? What's it look like? It looks like nothing. Hey, can you nature check this? You're a nature person. I can try.",Nature
Nature,"It's not like I've never bought a ridiculous plastic dragon necklace with the flashing LEDs before. I disappointedly drop the backpack in Here's your fucking cinnamon, you idiot. Are you sure it's not real? What'd you guys get? What's it look like? It looks like nothing. Hey, can you nature check this? You're a nature person. I can try. Yeah, make a nature check. Let's set it on fire and see what happens.",Nature
Sleight of Hand,"Oh wait. Oh, this was the sandkheg? Yeah, just a little bit of the sandkheg. Make a constitution saving throw. 17. 17, okay. Beneath your nose, you can't feel anything. And right now, yeah, from here down. You guys watch as his tongue is hanging out, and you watch as drool is now pouring down the side of his chin. Scanlan? (thickly) Huh? That's good shit. I'm going to very gently try and take the gold medal that he got today away from him while he's numb. Just try and pickpocket him.",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"respective rooms. (thickly) Be pleased. You all have a full night's rest, back to full hit points. You get half your maximum hit dice back if you've spent any more than half of them. Scanlan, you wake up, quite a pounding headache in your head, but the rest of your body has its feeling back as you come to consciousness. Maybe I can package it into smaller amounts and sell it on the street to recoup some of the money. Do we have an afternoon to kill? Are you talking to yourself? Yes. Damn it, what did I do? I should have",Insight
Investigation,"those areas for a bit. Those'll be over in the ""Sigil District, and that's right down in the southeastern side of Ank'harel. Look for the ""raised landmass where it's carved off at the top. That's where most of all the bastards live and ""most of the training's done by the Allegiance folk."" The bastards live, you said? Yeah, they're snobby. Thank you. ""My pleasure."" Be back in a bit. Meep-meep. I'll lead the charge.",Persuasion
Investigation,"buildings are very nice. They look constructed in a type of architecture that's more reminiscent of Tal'Dorei or other civilizations than you've seen most of Ank'Harel's construction, so you figure these buildings are probably newer or at least this district seems to have a little different cultural flavor to it than the rest of the city. To the southern side of it you do see a large multi-tiered structure that is made of a smoky quartz mixed with white marble in places. This, with an immediate glance, you'd probably gather is the Crystal Chateau. Does the opalescent stone have any similarity to the stones of Whitestone?",Investigation
Investigation,"from this distance. And it looks excavated, and not just like something opened up and then they kept digging? Correct. You can see there is actually a pattern to the carving of the earth. It looks like it's been carved in, layer after layer after layer, much like a small-scale strip mine. Do the stones look like they broke the ground, or does it look like the stones were actually built around this? Has this been here since the construction of this area? Or does it seem like perhaps in the last 20 years or such, they've just gone down?",Investigation
Insight,"Pops back out about ten minutes later. Darts over to the edge. ""My apologies for keeping you ""waiting. The headmaster is unable to see visitors at the moment."" Oh no. Why? ""Perhaps try next week."" Oh no, that's such a long time. We have a very short amount of time  we're on a crunch. Yes, is there a standby list we can get on? ""Is there something I can help you with?"" We are sort of trying to save-- The world. ""That's very sweet.""",Insight
Persuasion,"20? Loot Crate, ladies and gentlemen. I'm wearing one of the shirts right now. It came in this month's Loot Box! Loot Crate, I think it's called, actually, not a Loot Box. I hear it comes with a gram of spice in every box. Yeah, that alone makes it worth about $500. Every box. In some circles. Oh boy, Travis is looking! (laughter) Look, we're in a bit of a rush. This is very important business. The fate of the world rests on your shoulders.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Loot Crate, ladies and gentlemen. I'm wearing one of the shirts right now. It came in this month's Loot Box! Loot Crate, I think it's called, actually, not a Loot Box. I hear it comes with a gram of spice in every box. Yeah, that alone makes it worth about $500. Every box. In some circles. Oh boy, Travis is looking! (laughter) Look, we're in a bit of a rush. This is very important business. The fate of the world rests on your shoulders. Persuasion check.",Persuasion
Insight,"pull out a piece of the green elemental shard from Whitestone and show it to him. ""Might I have a look at that?"" He takes it, reaches into his robes, pulls out a very well-crafted glass jeweler's piece, glances over it for a second. He clicks a small button on the side of it. Each time he does, you see the lens change color on the end of it. ""I have not seen ""anything like this. Not of condensed, purified whitestone."" Yes. I take it back. As you take it, he gives a little resistance, ""The possibilities of such a substance ""is intriguing.""",Insight
Stealth,"beneath buildings, to small side roads, until eventually you find your way into this small area that's nestled in between two large warehouses. There appears to be some crates. There's some barrels around this small building that reads, on the sign above the door, A Kingly Home. The door is closed. There appears to be a window right next to the door. There is the series of barrels, and there's the one barrel you saw where the individual moved it and placed the actual request that you guys made through a small slot in the wall. Are there any other people around? You can see-- actually, everyone roll a",Stealth
Perception,"Okay. You guys make your way through the hallway. As you turn the corner, there is one person turning around the corner the opposite direction, who's carrying a bundle of various large, nut-like fruits. He turns and bumps into you and almost drops it and catches it, ""Be more ""careful,"" then just continues walking past. You guys look into the main area where the home is, and it's right there before you. Other than that person who just passed by, it's pretty quiet here. This part of the city doesn't see a lot of foot traffic, which is probably why it makes for a nice home for an individual that does shady work. And nobody's hiding?",Stealth
Investigation,"for a little bit and look. What about the little thing where the note got slipped in? I don't know anything about that. You guys watch the dragonfly (tink) Do I see anyone in any of the windows? It's dark inside. The drapes are drawn except for a little bit of a sliver where the light would get through. You see a little peek of a wooden floor, but there's no light from the inside. Okay. Just going to go all the way around the house, high and low, looking for a way in. Do I find it?",Investigation
Perception,"Make an investigation check. A lot. 24. 24. After coming around, you begin to slink around by the barrels and you can see, in the stonework that has been built, the masonry that forms the exterior of the building, there appears to be a very small hole, about cork-size, hidden behind one of the barrels in the front. There's just enough space between the wall where you can barely squeeze in and poke through. It's big enough where your wings will hit, so you have to attach to it and crawl through before coming out the other side. As you come out the other side, you're now inside the house. Dark interior. Make a",Investigation
Perception,"light is bouncing off the sunbeam. You can see, beneath the opening where you came in, the rolled-up scroll, that was placed inside the small case that held your guys' message, is still resting right beneath the opening, untouched. Wow, they haven't even opened it? Assholes. Maybe she hasn't been home. Am I in a room that's closed off? Can I keep going through the house? Yeah, you can keep going through the house. There's a big part of the house you haven't explored yet. All right, I'll see if I can make my way.",Perception
Investigation,"us. Oh, we left them way behind. Do we have time to go get more slushy beverages? No, Keyleth. No. You work on the lock. I'm going to go get the rest. I'm going to head back. So Vax, you head back. You get the rest of the party. Vex? Do I see anyone around? You actually see a couple folks walk by. You take Scanlan and you guys step into the shadows. You wait a minute for them to just pass by, and as soon as they're out of earshot, you head back. Can I check for traps?",Stealth
Perception,"increase, though. I try it again. Natural 20! Very difficult because it is not only a difficult lock, with the interior padlock, but Scanlan broke off pieces of wire in it that are in danger of permanently breaking the lock and making it unusable. You, however, thankfully manage to maneuver the tools to remove the pieces of wayward wire, finish the lock, and as soon as you finish unlocking the padlock on the inside with a curved piece, the door opens, and there's a slight flash. Nothing. Oh no. It's an alarm. We need to get the fuck out of here.",Investigation
Investigation,"Oh shit. So the trap could've done something to somebody before? No, more blood toward the trapdoor and then it fades, so someone came out of the trapdoor-- And tried to haul ass out. What was the flash? An alarm. Do I see footprints around? As you get close and look down, you can see, in a couple of the dried blood smears, there appear to be footprints in them that are heading out. I go over to the trapdoor and inspect it for traps.",Investigation
Perception,"The trapdoor is still open. It's left open and the stairs that descend. There is no trap in the vicinity. Looks like it's been untouched for a while. You guys are just now starting to approach the outside of the house. As you get there, you see the door is partially ajar, and it is open, and you can vaguely see movement on the inside of Vex and Scanlan looking about. Nice job, ace. What's going on? There was a trap. I think there was a trap on it and I didn't know. But I looked for traps! There was a flash. Does that sound familiar? Is anyone new on the streets or on the roofs above us?",Perception
Investigation,"of it. Does it look like it was trying to open the door? Does it look like it got the door open, or it was stuck inside? No, it looks like, as it wraps around the top, it looks like somebody had lifted it up. Oh, the trapdoor. Is there blood on the handle? Is there blood on the door itself? Looking at the inside handle, there are very faint traces of dried blood. Can I do a check on the outside threshold of the door to see if I can see the blood go outward?",Investigation
Perception,"Okay, but there could still be. Okay, investigation, right? 19. Does not appear to be trapped. So I'm still stealthed? I'm going to gently open the door and peer in. You pull it open, look inside. This is a larger chamber with a much better set of furniture. It looks like the woman that you had hired probably lived here more than above. You see what would be weapons racks, but have been cleaned out. You see a couple of lanterns that are placed upon a table in the corner that have since burned out. One of them has actually fallen over, and it appears the glass is broken on the ground. Make a",Perception
Investigation,"eye is ruined and sealed closed with a scar. There is a very large pool of drying, coagulated blood sitting beneath her. Giving a moment to inspect her, she is indeed dead and has been for the better part of a week. Her wounds involve several severe puncture wounds throughout her torso. Multiple stabs, one in her throat. Can anyone talk to her? Pike's not here. Are the rest of you guys coming down to see this? I'm heading down if everybody else is. I look around. Any evidence left behind of who it was that attacked her?",Investigation
Investigation,"her, she is indeed dead and has been for the better part of a week. Her wounds involve several severe puncture wounds throughout her torso. Multiple stabs, one in her throat. Can anyone talk to her? Pike's not here. Are the rest of you guys coming down to see this? I'm heading down if everybody else is. I look around. Any evidence left behind of who it was that attacked her? Investigation checks for the guys who are checking the room. What are you guys checking? I'm going to check her further.",Investigation
Investigation,"better part of a week. Her wounds involve several severe puncture wounds throughout her torso. Multiple stabs, one in her throat. Can anyone talk to her? Pike's not here. Are the rest of you guys coming down to see this? I'm heading down if everybody else is. I look around. Any evidence left behind of who it was that attacked her? Investigation checks for the guys who are checking the room. What are you guys checking? I'm going to check her further. Investigation check on the body.",Investigation
Investigation,"trap door. Is it dark down here? It is pitch dark. Percy, for the most part, you don't have any sort of sight-- Is it safe for me to throw out a Daylight spell? I throw up a Daylight. The room now illuminates, and you all have a very clear perspective on this. You, inspecting the body, the puncture wounds that are in the front have corresponding puncture wounds in the back as well. You can see clasps on the shoulders where a cloak would be affixed, but the clasps have been broken off and there is no cloak there. Any treasures in the room?",Investigation
Investigation,"But how'd they get out without-- so whoever the murderer is set the trap as he/she was leaving. The murderer who's shooting bullets. Is there anything gained by discussing this here? Do we need to look any further, or should we get the hell out? One last quick glance around the room to see if there's anything helpful. Percy, can I see your gun? I hand it to her without even thinking about it. I inspect-- (gasps) You're a genius.",Investigation
Perception,"than outside. Secret passage? Yeah, it's this way. I think I checked for traps last-- Because you already went up to the top. Yeah. I went all the way to the top and peeked around. Yeah, there were no traps and you managed to make it through below the small-- I had a look around. Is it public, or off to the side? It's a small alley that leads into an open public space, so as long as you listen out for anybody in the vicinity, you can-- I'm going to scurry up, open up--",Investigation
Survival,"a grate that's pushed there, you push it open, and the metal circle plops on the side. You find that there's actually a piece of thin cloth that's covering it as you push it over, and you listen up for a second. You hear the bustle on the outside of the city, but you do not notice anyone paying attention to it, and you use the right moment to dart up and you begin taking watch for the rest of the party. I'm off to the side like Marion in Raiders, to the side of the alley. Before I leave the room, can I check to see if it seems like Ripley was alone or if there were other people?",Survival
History,"An island of glass trees. An island of grass. Ah, boy. Island of glass? Yeah, which doesn't sound promising, to be totally honest. So we might have to mist there. How far away is-- It's continents, it would take weeks. Don't they have an airship here? Wait, the Water Ashari are in the Ozmit? They're in the Ozmit Sea, yes. Do I know if they would be close by this island of glass? I'm going to go ahead and have... let's see.",History
Persuasion,"The cloak she wore. ""And you know this how?"" We found her body. ""Where?"" In her home. Don't think that was her home. In her hideout. In her room beneath the house. ""How do you know where she lived?"" We are very clever. But not clever enough to stop this. This appears to have happened possibly before we even-- we don't know when it happened. It happened a while ago. About a week ago. I think.",Persuasion
Perception,"alcove between a bunch of barrels that are stacked and part of the bar side. I'm going to keep focused there. Is he still tapping the coin? No, the coin tapping has stopped. And what are the people around us doing? Are they, like, drawing their weapons? No. Do they seem armed? Do you take a look around? I want to just glance. I take a very blatant look around. Okay. None of them appear to be armed, but they're all looking very closely upon you. You can",Investigation
Persuasion,"My feelings for her have become very complex. I don't care who kills her at this point. She just needs to be removed from the earth. ""Which one of you is your dealmaker?"" I boot Scanlan forward on the tush. Hello, hi. ""This one?"" I make the best deals, I know the best words. ""This one?"" Sometimes it's Vex, but many times it's me. He leans over the bar and gets real close up to you, and takes a moment to (sniffs). ""Aye, you ""smell like trouble. I like that."" Make a",Persuasion
History,"15-20 feet off the ground and it's going up to the top. The bell seemed to have notified whatever crew is bringing the platform up, but he didn't get a chance to finish bringing his load off the platform before you rung the bell. I think we're doing it right. I think so. As you leave the two gentlemen below, as the two of you lift up on this platform, you make your way up to the elevated terrace that marks the actual skyport and it's a large, wide, thick platform that's built atop a series of warehouses that fill out this district, and this was a newer addition to it as this technology became",History
Perception,"into the casino. Oh! Before I go in, hat of disguise on. What do you wish to look like? Adult human male. Goatee, pork pie hat, black jacket. Just an ordinary man. Yeah, Mr. Shorthalt! Yeah! Is it Abbott or Costello? I'm not sure which. And you walk into the Luck's Run. Being midday, it's not as busy as the evening you saw previously but I'd say about half the tables are still running and they have clientele throughout. I'm looking, in the interest of time, going to look around for any of those two faces.",Perception
Perception,"you hadn't been before, which is more of a lounge patio. It has more of the higher stakes games. You can see there are some more of the higher rollers and-- And can I make my way to the office area, where they led me? Yeah. I mean, the door is closed. Can I listen outside? Yeah, you take a listen. Doesn't appear to be any sound from the other side. Damn it. Can I go to the corner where I can see the front entrance and the side alley where I was and look and see if I see either of those two faces?",Perception
Investigation,"(whoosh) Inside the office. Thankfully you have your gnomish dark vision. It is dark in here, there are no lights. The table and chairs and the general decor of the room seemingly untouched since last time you were in here. All right. Is there any source of light around here? There are a couple of lanterns in the corner that could be lit. I will light one. All right. (whoosh) You turn the lantern up. Light glows. Going right into the desk, looking for anything. Keys, gold, contraband, weapons.",Investigation
Investigation,"small notes-- like a little name that is drawn on the inside of one of the drawers. Looks old, like it's been there for a long time, and says ""Lelan."" And you find-- that's about it. You get the sense this isn't a stationary room that they use as a base of operations, it's almost like a rental space used when people want to come in here and do business. Which happens often in a casino establishment. They want to make sure that they provide their clientele with all the necessary needs, and a lot of the rooms on this center floor are to facilitate the meetings between the top and the bottom. Damn it. All right, I'll do one more",Investigation
Perception,"compartments in the desk or around it. Burn it to the ground. 24. 24. Nothing under the desks, but the table that you're at, there is a small false bottom on each side. You pull it open and there is a single dagger on each end. Apparently for those that know, they're provided as a means of defense in case things in one of these meetings go wrong. But who knows who knows this information. It looks like they haven't been used in a while. All right. Can I look around and see if I see the two faces now?",Investigation
Perception,"take the Marquesian book, whatever that was, take a huge dump on the desk, and take one of the daggers and dig a big piece of it and write on the wall, ""The Meat Man cometh."" (laughing) Wouldn't it be, ""The Meat Man goeth?"" Oh well, never mind. And then I'll let myself out. Okay. You open the door. There are two people walking through. They glance over at you and keep walking. You close the door behind you and you have left your mark. Okay. On the way out of the casino do I see any familiar faces?",Investigation
Insight,"enchantment to another object, and send it in a different direction so that they don't know that we're following them. ""That's possible, yes."" I would even be willing, if possible, to remove part of the object that I currently own, and then replace it with something else if necessary. ""Depending on the strength of the enchantment, that can take anywhere within the ""next few weeks."" Can I get you a drink? Are you all right? ""Why? Why do you ask?""",Insight
Insight,"different direction so that they don't know that we're following them. ""That's possible, yes."" I would even be willing, if possible, to remove part of the object that I currently own, and then replace it with something else if necessary. ""Depending on the strength of the enchantment, that can take anywhere within the ""next few weeks."" Can I get you a drink? Are you all right? ""Why? Why do you ask?"" Can I insight check him?",Insight
Arcana,"Wait, before you do, a quick word, is there a way to reverse the direction? Okay. Reaches into a little pouch of components on the side. Takes things, crushes them, sprinkles them on. Looks about. ""Ahem, it's done, it's gone, here."" What?! Really? Can I check it? Yeah. Scanlan, help me check this. That fast? All right. You are very powerful, you. What do we do here?",Arcana
Persuasion,"Meaning like, the signature's still there, the stone is still there, but that slight essence of slight enchantment that was there before is gone. You wouldn't happen to know where to get some construction materials on very quick notice? ""No!"" You wouldn't be able to identify something for me, would you? Oh yes, go ahead, do that. You seem so smart, is all. ""This was not part of the agreement."" Darling, we're already here, please? And we didn't say your name.",Investigation
Persuasion,"Oi, mate. We're friends with J'mon Sa Ord. We're not making a street deal right now. Oh! I thought everything was here. This could be part of your problem here. He bends down after giving you a weird eyebrow. I'm a normal, human man. You're still in your-- I forgot to take it off. So you're a normal, human man in non-Ank'Harel attire. Shows off the necklace. He looks at it. ""How did you come about that?"" We met with J'mon Sa Ord earlier. We have their blessing.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Six regular? And three greater. ""This is what we can spare from the nearby barracks."" Thank you so much. Your aid is appreciated. ""If I could have your names, just to be safe that everything is--"" Be pleased. Vox Machina. ""Vox Machina."" And then I want to buy like three more greaters. All right. That is 1500 gold. Can I say I haggled?",Persuasion
Insight,"Through diving between two different locations that sell these potions and forcing them to basically bid back and forth for your business, you manage to work it down to 1100 gold pieces for the three greater healing potions. It's like you've got Amazon.com on your phone and you're going, ""Eh? Eh?"" All right, three more greater healing potions. Yes. Sounds good. You saved 400 gold! Want to kick some of that to this guy? Well, I've been helping you all day, shuttling back and forth between those two.",Insight
Deception,"the three greater healing potions. It's like you've got Amazon.com on your phone and you're going, ""Eh? Eh?"" All right, three more greater healing potions. Yes. Sounds good. You saved 400 gold! Want to kick some of that to this guy? Well, I've been helping you all day, shuttling back and forth between those two. Can I insight check him? Go for it. It's not going to work but oh, I hope it does.",Insight
Insight,"Before-- (sighs) I swear this is important. Before we say anything, we would like to take a moment to meet the rest of the crew. Yes, and all hands on deck. To make sure that nobody suspicious has snuck on board and nobody is hiding their identity. ""Very well."" He gathers the rest of the crew. You recognize a few of them. They have a few new faces, because they lost a few on the last journey. You individually meet each one with pretty heavy inspection from you guys. I want you",Perception
Nature,"because of a glass production site? (laughter) Yep. Was that hard for you, Grog? I hurt myself. Captain Damon says, ""I don't know the history, exactly, but at some point in time, ""something really bad happened. All the sand of the shores were fused into dark brown and black glass. ""It's a jagged landscape, leading all the way up to the mountain. The jungle is petrified and dead. ""It's not a welcoming place. I'm surprised why anyone would pay so much to go there. But I'm sure ""you have your reasons.""",Nature
Perception,"to wait until you get closer? Is there a telescope on this ship? There is one that you've been using. Can you cast a spell, just in case shit happens, as soon as we get close enough to the ship? Dispel? No, the spell, the breathing spell. Oh, yeah. What's our ETA, captain? ""At this speed, I'd say 20 minutes."" I'll wait ten minutes, because I like to milk my time. All right, ten minutes go by. Who is keeping watch through the telescope? Me.",Perception
Perception,"or the water on the other side, from this vantage point? No, not from this vantage point. Can you scry and see if she's still underwater, or if she's camping? Because I see smoke. Can Keyleth look through the-- we have a telescope of some sort? There is a telescope, yeah. Can she look and see if the boat looks right? Did you see any identifying marks on the boat? It's not like there's going to be a dozen of them out here. It would be a very big coincidence. I look through the telescope. Does it look like the same boat?",Investigation
Perception,"get closer and closer to the ship. You can now see it getting closer and closer. Do we want to raise our elevation as we're getting closer? Yeah, we told him to go up above it. You guys begin to notice, you, Vex, as you're looking through, the people who were playing cards start moving on the deck of the ship. They start scattering. Are they seeing us? They have seen you. You're not a hard vision to see once they pay attention. Do they look like they're looking over the sides of the boat?",Perception
Perception,"I tell the guys above: Swim to shore! It sounds, (loud gravelly gibberish). They're like (yelling). While this is happening, can I have taken a flying run off of the airship and started flying toward the smoke? The campfire? You dart off with the broom underneath and scoot off toward the bay. You guys have made your way, flying down, on eagle-Grog-back to the beach, coasting up to the side. You can see, as you scoot across to the top about ten feet up, all the jagged, broken glass that is this beach. It is similar to the broken, burnt ground of the Cindergrove, except it's all sharp. It's not fun.",Athletics
Perception,"flying run off of the airship and started flying toward the smoke? The campfire? You dart off with the broom underneath and scoot off toward the bay. You guys have made your way, flying down, on eagle-Grog-back to the beach, coasting up to the side. You can see, as you scoot across to the top about ten feet up, all the jagged, broken glass that is this beach. It is similar to the broken, burnt ground of the Cindergrove, except it's all sharp. It's not fun. You come around and make a perception check, Grog. With your bonus. I think you have advantage on this because you're a giant eagle. Let me double check really fast. I'm pretty sure. Giant eagle,",Perception
Investigation,"flames. The sail is on fire. Two of the crewmen, the two crewmen who haven't really been hurt have jumped off the sides and are now swimming through the water. You can see their trail behind them. The one who was shot in the head, you can't see through the flames. It wasn't enough to kill him, that wasn't. However, the whole ship is on fire now. The one that you impacted with is a mess, Keyleth. Then I'm beelining straight through the air towards Percival. Stay with Keyleth! Check the ship! I crush everything. Search the ship, Keyleth. Search it.",Investigation
Perception,"uncomfortable height experience. You've had a couple of these recently. But it's swift enough to the point, and not prolonged, to the point where you're able to keep yourself in check. You begin to carry him down-- Barrel roll, and follow my sister. Okay, so now all of you guys are this loose squadron along the beach line. As you watch, they turn off and begin to head toward the tree line. Can I get a closer look at the campsite? You'd probably have to stop and inspect it if you want. Is there anybody that I can see around it from above?",Perception
Survival,"are currently pulled up onto the shore, just outside, slightly north of this campsite. There is a tousled blanket that is somewhat dirty, with a small pack that was pushed in the side, the leftover campfire and some sort of movement, like something heavy had been pulled from the water into the campsite and somewhere else from within. Do you wish to continue to inspect the campsite? Do we see any tracks? Are there tracks able to be left on the glass? Make an investigation-- for this, for you, are you just inspecting for details? Or are you trying to track? I'm trying to see where the people went.",Survival
Investigation,"campfire and some sort of movement, like something heavy had been pulled from the water into the campsite and somewhere else from within. Do you wish to continue to inspect the campsite? Do we see any tracks? Are there tracks able to be left on the glass? Make an investigation-- for this, for you, are you just inspecting for details? Or are you trying to track? I'm trying to see where the people went. Okay, make a survival check to see if you can follow any tracks. What are other people doing at the campsite? I want to check the boat.",Survival
Perception,"campsite and has pulled further and further inland towards the treeline. Okay. What are you guys doing right now? I'm going to mount Grog. Thank god. It's been so long. And say, Let's go scan around the tree line, friend. Fly! Fly! Then I take off in my bird form, admiring the arch-ipelago but I have an intelligence of eight and realize it's ark-ipelago. (laughs) You're such a dick. And I head for the treeline. All right, you guys take off over the",Perception
Nature,"Okay. You guys land at the treeline. As you land, Laura, Percy and Keyleth, you guys-- there's this breeze that's been blowing through the beach since you've gotten here, it's starting to pulse a little. (wind sounds) And the wind's starting to pick up, rather suddenly. Keyleth, you are relatively sensitive to this, knowing that the sky has been relatively clear with bits of cloud. There's no particular reason as to why there should be a sudden gust of wind. There is no weather that is indicative of that sort of-- Also my Control Weather spell should still be active. Yes.",Nature
Perception,"There were two shots with Sharpshooter, which is a base of 16 times two, so that's 32, plus I rolled a ten on that, which pushes it to 42 plus a four, so 46. Is that all? Even halved from the impact, you manage to blast the creature, its form hitting the Wind Wall and scattering against it. No longer physically able to hold its form there, the elemental dissipating into the sky in the end. Percival, he who breaks wind. (laughter) That was for you. Now I feel guilty. As you all take a moment to catch your",Perception
Investigation,"of these will last much in the water. Did we actually end up searching the boats for everything, or did we not end up searching the boats for everything? You were about to when this happened. Wait, those elementals that we fought-- were they left by Ripley? Was it a trap? Did we activate a trap? Is she close by? She can't have gotten far. It looks like she dragged whatever she found further into the island. Can I call Trinket over and then look at the tracks and see if he smells anybody and see where they took everything?",Investigation
Perception,"over and then look at the tracks and see if he smells anybody and see where they took everything? Make an investigation check. Does anyone else want to take a short rest? Do we have time? Where's she going? What if she's teleporting out of here? 15 for me. Should I roll for Trinket, too, for his smell perception? Yeah. Well this is investigation. Oh, okay. I was seeing if he could catch their scent.",Investigation
Perception,"Oh, thank you. Ow. I will do a 2nd-level Healing Word, as well. Which is what, 2d4? 2d4 plus six. That's nine. Nine is good. I'm a little better. 17 for me. Thank you. Oh, wait! Before we charge off into the jungle, didn't you get a shit-ton of potions? Can you hand those out, please? Yeah, totally. Am I seeing anything out on the water? The ship is sunk. You do not see anybody",Athletics
Athletics,"But one, I can? One you could, yeah. I will drag one back. Oh, you're going to drag my shame into shore? Basically, yeah. Your shame? You mean your pride. I drag one back. All right. You grab one, and it's hard. You can barely get any lift, especially since he's so soaked with the water, it's an extra weight. Can I stay close to the surface of the water? I will ask you to go ahead and make an",Athletics
Investigation,"healing potion. Percy, take a greater and a regular. Just an 11. You're barely able to keep from being dragged into the water. It takes you a while to get there, because he doesn't ever actually leave the water, you're pulling him through it as you go. It takes you about 15 minutes to get him into shore if you do. I'm going to imagine that my wings bamf out soon after that. Yeah, you're getting pretty close to the end of your time with those. I'm going to search him. He's dead, yeah?",Investigation
Arcana,"make out from this distance. That'll do. I'm examining one of the red rocks. Does it look like anything? The red circle spheres. It looks almost like a polished red quartz, imperfect. You can see texture cracks or layers of a natural forming quartz-like material on the inside. So it's like a stone? Is it pretty? It's like a larger marble of stone. Are they magic? Probably. Can we arcane them? Arcane check? I'll take a look at these for arcana.",Arcana
Acrobatics,"lead. If you guys want to change up marching order for this, let's do it. Yeah. Buddy, bud, you're very big and large and amazing. What do you want? He wants one of those balls to put in his butt. I give him a small piece of glass from the ground and I put it in his hand, then I run up ahead. I grab his collar. I pull him back. Try it, buddy! (laughter) Give me a dexterity check, Matthew. Make a strength check, or an athletics",Acrobatics
Stealth,"for resources. I'm going to keep my senses aware as possible for the signs of a mining operation. Okay. And can I keep my senses aware for aboriginals of the island? Okay. So you guys are keeping tabs on anything around you that might be a sign? I'm keeping my senses aware for if Ripley's invisible and is around us. Okay. I am looking for literally nothing. And you find it. I will guess in this point, one: everyone",Stealth
Stealth,"And you find it. I will guess in this point, one: everyone roll a stealth check, if you're stealthing forward. I'm looking for rabbits. Glass rabbits. Natural 20. Hey, 17. 14. Seven. 25. 28. All right. The half-elves catch up on this. As you're making your way towards this knotted",Stealth
Perception,"14. Seven. 25. 28. All right. The half-elves catch up on this. As you're making your way towards this knotted section of the jungle. This is the stealth check, right? Yeah. You guys are pushing forward, you guys without a single touch of sound. A little bit from Scanlan, but as the bulk, you guys manage to stop him and as a group, push forward, you imagine, fairly unseen. Pretty proud of Vox Machina. Grog, especially, being the one that stomped forward. You continue to push forward.",Stealth
Stealth,"Does that make poison arrows? The arrows would be poison, yes. I will come back, I promise. Do you want me to go look? I'll come back. I'll just go look, I promise. (whispering) You got this. (whispering) Be as quiet as fucking possible. (whispering) I believe in you. (whispering) They can't hear any of that stuff when you're that quiet. (whispering) I don't know what's going on. I'm going to stealth my way forward. (quietly) We can stage whisper.",Stealth
Stealth,"We still can't make out the third figure. The third figure is by Ripley. The goliath is off on her own with some sort of box. We'll say you're up here, Vex, off to the side at this open bit here. The rest of you guys, tell me where you want to be placed. Anywhere that's green is essentially tree overbrush. Where are they and the box right now? That's Ripley, that's the hooded figure, a hooded thug, and that's the goliath. I'd like to not go direct, but slowly start creeping around through that green. Over here? Yeah.",Stealth
Stealth,"is off on her own with some sort of box. We'll say you're up here, Vex, off to the side at this open bit here. The rest of you guys, tell me where you want to be placed. Anywhere that's green is essentially tree overbrush. Where are they and the box right now? That's Ripley, that's the hooded figure, a hooded thug, and that's the goliath. I'd like to not go direct, but slowly start creeping around through that green. Over here? Yeah. Make a stealth check, Grog. What?",Stealth
Stealth,"I'm going to stay in the brush, but I want to get forward enough to get a clear shot so I can really take a nice, well-aimed shot at Ripley's head. That right there is going to be-- I've got some nice distance. It's up to you. It's a 14. A 14? I have a Hold Person spell. I can try and hold her. Keyleth, where do you want to go? I'm going to creep forward and towards Grog, but being very stealthy.",Stealth
Stealth,"You can get about there to get a better view. I will also inch back and try to heel the dog. The dog, which has moved forward-- Back! It's okay. Steps back there. I'll follow suit and also move slightly to the outside and around their flank. Yeah, there you go. There, you mean? Yeah, that's great. You can still see her through the brush. You have a better view. She only has half cover now",Stealth
Perception,"""I have no interest in the petty tyranny of drakes and dragons. Every great beast that has ""asserted dominance through history has fallen to the ingenuity of man. I worry not what you're after."" You are so dull! ""The other races, Percy, and you know this in your heart, they lack our dynamic ability to ""adapt, to build upon failure so quickly that success becomes an inevitability. I have faith you ""will all succeed in your mission, so long as you keep your precious white-haired boy in the lead."" You two really follow her? Are you idiots? The man with the dagger out glares off at",Persuasion
Athletics,"Yeah, just one over. One over this way. The rogue goes to strike you. That is 21? That'll hit. That hits. It is not sneak attack right now because he already used it until it comes back to his turn. So you take ten points of piercing damage reduced to five. As he swipes at you, cuts barely across your back and you move into place. Okay now the goliath turns her shield up in front of you. For my reckless attack, I'd like to try and push her into the crevasse. Okay, so the first strike, make your",Athletics
Athletics,"Ten total. You make it! You maintain concentration. However, as the blade hits you, you watch as it was thrown, you notice Kynan shifts into shadow and goes after the blade, vanishing. The blade strikes you, and then suddenly Kynan's hand appears where the blade stabbed you, and he appears next to you. Where? Up on the log, right there. Kynan! Hey, man! What's up? You see him shaken. There's sweat on the face. That ends his turn. It is now the barbarian. Not the barbarian, the goliath's turn. There, is",Athletics
Athletics,"she is no more. The body goes limp, and as you realize, your foot on her pushing her down, you're actually pushing the glass shards through her body that are underneath her, and you see them begin to pierce through her armor plating. I'll give her a little extra (grunt) shove. (slash) There you go. I have one extra attack, but I will-- Ooh, can you get-- oh no, that's too far away. Nah. You know what, I'm good-- no, 25 feet. I probably can't climb out of there, right? Slid down there. I could give you an",Athletics
Athletics,"there and back. You aren't taking slow steps. That's going to be six points of piercing damage, running across the glass. Jeez Louise. Okay. All right. End of your turn? Vax, you're up. Wait, wait. For my bonus action, I'm going to cast Hex, I mean, not Hex, Hunter's Mark on Ripley. On Ripley? Let's do it. She is hunter marked. I want to start moving toward my friends. How far can I get toward Keyleth and Kynan and Trinket on my movement?",Athletics
Persuasion,"Athletics, you said? Seven. You can't get out of the crevasse. You try climbing and the rock's breaking away. On my movement? What happens with my dash and my action? Make another attempt. I'll do it again. Fucking A. Nine. You get almost to the edge and the glass breaks. You slide back down into the crevasse. Again. Natural 20. You climb up to the edge. (panting) That's your turn, but you're out of the crater. I'm going to shout: Kynan, you have a heart! Think of Emon! What are you doing? It's not too late!",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Kynan's over here on top of the tree. Is he out, or is he just standing there? He just got out of being stunned at being shocked with Diplomacy. I'm going to use my movement to get to Percival. Close enough. I'll use my bonus action to get all the way, and I'll cast Lay on Hands with my action to get him on his feet again. Five hit points. Oh, this is getting uncomfortable! Kynan. Kynan! Just kill him! You're all right.",Persuasion
Arcana,"and you shout out towards it. I shout out: (singing) Anna-anna, bo-bana, banana fana fo-fana, hey fi-fo-mana. Fuck you! (laughter) She's going to move. She's going to take six points of piercing damage and (zap). Goddamn it! How can she still do that? It's an effect that you are unfamiliar with. Vestige. An effect that you are unfamiliar-- what the shit, man. Now that you've been up close and seen the",Arcana
Perception,"that thing. Do I add anything to that damage? Or is that just 4d8 piercing? It's 4d8 piercing, and you would probably add your additional lightning damage. So 16 with three lightning, and then he has to do a strength save or be restrained. Strength save. That is 19. He is not restrained. I'm going to use my second attack. Okay, so the brambles reach up out of the arrow and wrap around him, all the thorns constricting and tearing into him. Actually, he-- no, he doesn't have disadvantage on saving throws,",Perception
Insight,"""You don't know what I've been through!"" What has that man done to you? What has she done to you? What have any of them, except for me, done to you? And what have I done except be an asshole? ""Look, when she picked me up in Kymal, she taught me a lot. I learned a lot. She also told me ""that you weren't who I thought you were. When everything went down in Emon, with the dragons. ""She said you did that!"" Summoned the dragons? ""You were responsible for it. She had me listen in to a conversation where you admitted ""that it was your fault.""",Insight
Arcana,"when we got here. But she quickly grabbed it and put it away and wouldn't tell us what it was."" What is this cave? ""I only got to the outside of it. I was standing guard."" So you haven't been inside? ""No."" How far off? ""Maybe a couple of miles. It's at the base of the mountain."" What if that was her escape route? What if there's a way out? Yeah, could be. I'll open it and look it over.",Arcana
Investigation,"1d12 to each one of you guys on top of whatever you're healing. Keyleth takes Percy's body and I drag him over to the table and I lay him out and I start cleaning him and cleaning his wounds as best as I can. He's a bloody mess. But at the same time, there is a strange look of peace on his face. It both comforts and upsets you. And you have a hard time concentrating on the face. You're just focusing on the body as you clean him and make him look as good as you possibly can using Druidcraft and other spells at your disposal. Guns and bodies.",Investigation
Investigation,"Okay. Go ahead and make an investigation check. Does he make one, too? He does, yeah. 30. It takes you the better part of 30 minutes or so, but the needle in the haystack was not as hard a search as you thought, and you find it wedged between two branches back in its hard onyx form. Unscathed, seemingly, from the explosion. Just scratch him behind his ear. Sorry! Maybe we'll do more next time. All right. You guys, because you're going to check for traps as you go? Go ahead and roll an",Investigation
Stealth,"you can make out with the arrow's placement. You all right? That was cool. It's a fucking tunnel. There's maybe something in there. (tearfully) I don't know what we're doing. I don't know what purpose it serves. (voice breaking) I'm so sorry. I walk in. Okay. As you guys continue following the path that the arrow did, the tunnel winds back and forth a bit. It pinches and then curves quickly to the right, where you find the arrow still lying there. Stealth, please?",Stealth
Investigation,"(tearfully) I don't know what we're doing. I don't know what purpose it serves. (voice breaking) I'm so sorry. I walk in. Okay. As you guys continue following the path that the arrow did, the tunnel winds back and forth a bit. It pinches and then curves quickly to the right, where you find the arrow still lying there. Stealth, please? Roll a stealth check. Can I check for anything that looks out of place, any danger or anything? Traps, if you will.",Stealth
Investigation,"appears to be a cluster of hundreds of skulls that are built up into one altar-like platform. Everything here is burnt. And elements of this look like a large fiery event transpired in here that destroyed much of what once was a more structured interior. And this altar, while it remains in place, it look like it suffered severe damage in the past. The skulls and rocks that are there, most of them are broken, cracked and thrown against the walls. This looks very old. It looks like this place hasn't been touched in a very long time. Anything that looks like a teleportation circle or anything?",Investigation
Persuasion,"Oh, my wallet! No, but I go back up and I say to Captain Damon: Are you willing to join a fight? ""Explain."" Those dragons destroyed our home. We could use an airship in the fight against them. ""We're outfitted to take down relatively dangerous prey, but--"" You wouldn't be fighting alone. ""I mean no offense here, and the honorable goal is fantastic, ""but I also have a crew to feed."" Of course. There's a lot of gold there. A lot of riches.",Persuasion
Insight,"incantation of the ritual. The first stage allows you to reach out and make contact with the spirit wherever it is. After five minutes of searching, you have no way of locating it. The spirit, currently-- something is blocking it. Is it Orthax? You know it's out there. You can sense that there is an essence of Percival, but it's like it's blurred and there's something blocking it. The ritual's unable to reach out. How do I find out what it is? Is there a way to find out what it is that's blocking it? You may have to think about it.",Insight
Religion,How do we draw him out? Do we try and destroy the gun again? Do we do this again? What if we carve his name back onto the barrel? What if we use that scroll to go to him now? Go to Percy? Or go to Orthax. We can pull Orthax through the gate. Or kill him on his home turf and kill him for real. He's a shadow fiend. Does that mean we have to kill him on his own turf? Do we know?,Religion
Religion,"Do we do this again? What if we carve his name back onto the barrel? What if we use that scroll to go to him now? Go to Percy? Or go to Orthax. We can pull Orthax through the gate. Or kill him on his home turf and kill him for real. He's a shadow fiend. Does that mean we have to kill him on his own turf? Do we know? I would say, Pike, make a religion check, and make an intelligence check, Scanlan.",Religion
Persuasion,"as an individual bring to this and bring to the connection to Percy to try and-- (shakily) I say: Percy, I don't know if you can hear me, but that day in Syngorn was one of the best moments of my life. And not because of what you think. It wasn't because of my father or the title. It was because of Whitestone. It was because of you. You allowed me to be a part of the thing that you hold dearest. And I was so proud. But I don't want to be here if you're not. Whitestone still needs you, darling. I still need you here. And I lean down and I kiss him, and I say, it's yours.",Persuasion
Religion,"Can I use that along with this? I'll let you, yeah. Well, heck yes. All right. Roll a d10. Let me know what you roll first. Okay. What'd you roll? I rolled a three. Okay. Sarenrae is with you, but the intervention, the Divine Gate that separates the gods from the Prime Material Plane still stands. She's lending what energy she can in this moment. Imploring to her and the connection you do have through the Divine Gate, I want you to go ahead",Religion
Insight,"I haven't felt him in a long time. I stopped feeling him after you did what you did. And then there was nothing, and then I was here. But in between, I did feel him, quite a bit. I'd rather not think about it at the moment. You should rest and get better. I think I'm going to rest. Bedtime, Percy. Hello, Pike! Hi! I don't suppose you've had time to read any of those books. I've read all of them. Just all of them. I've had lots of time on my hands.",Deception
Insight,"And then there was nothing, and then I was here. But in between, I did feel him, quite a bit. I'd rather not think about it at the moment. You should rest and get better. I think I'm going to rest. Bedtime, Percy. Hello, Pike! Hi! I don't suppose you've had time to read any of those books. I've read all of them. Just all of them. I've had lots of time on my hands. I want to insight-check Pike. (laughter)",Deception
Deception,"But in between, I did feel him, quite a bit. I'd rather not think about it at the moment. You should rest and get better. I think I'm going to rest. Bedtime, Percy. Hello, Pike! Hi! I don't suppose you've had time to read any of those books. I've read all of them. Just all of them. I've had lots of time on my hands. I want to insight-check Pike. (laughter) Roll an insight check. Pike, roll a",Deception
Deception,"Hello, Pike! Hi! I don't suppose you've had time to read any of those books. I've read all of them. Just all of them. I've had lots of time on my hands. I want to insight-check Pike. (laughter) Roll an insight check. Pike, roll a deception check. Yes! Here we go! What'd you roll? 11. All right.",Insight
Insight,"This is a lot to deal with right now. We have friends. I have a friend. You're becoming a wonderful leader, Keyleth. And as kind as his letter was, I think something was wrong, and I think there's more to his message. Vex, maybe you? He scribbled out some words. Let me see. And speaks vaguely in areas around them. Can't tell. Those are called words, Grog. I don't know. Maybe he just didn't like what he wrote.",Insight
Insight,"Percy died, yeah. Percy died. Yeah, he's gone. I've cried eight more times. My bad, sorry. We need to resurrect him. Ready? One, two, three. (yelling) Thanks, Vesh! We're having Pike check-- So having Pike check Kynan. Kynan's looking at you, Pike. What are you going to do? I'm going to Detect Evil. Okay. Looking over and you finish the spell, there is no sense of evil from him. Make an",Insight
Deception,"Wait, Jarett! While we were in your hood, I acquired this delicious little bit. And I pull out the sandkheg bottle. This is called Seraph's Swine Swallow. And I pour a little into a glass and I hand it to him. He goes, ""I am not familiar with this. You say this is from Ank'Harel?"" Yeah, and it's all in one. Hit the back of the throat and swallow it all in one. ""To friends?"" Yes. To friends, and to health. ""And to survival."" And to fukasa. Sukasa. Mi casa. (laughter)",Deception
Persuasion,"this had not played out the way it had. ""Me, too."" You can atone. It is not too late. I see the look in your eye. It is not too late. He keeps looking over at Keyleth, and you see every time he sees her, he has that spike of guilt in his heart. Yeah. You better, motherfucker. You fucked up, clearly. Big time. And you can either curl in on yourself and rot in a ball, or you can make up for it. You know what's going on in Tal'Dorei. You know what's going on. I spent too much time looking inward. It's pointless. Be of use.",Persuasion
Stealth,"Yes! I'm very disappointed. You should apologize to the owner. I'm sorry, owner. (laughter) The older woman over in the corner who owns the bar is like, ""It's fine."" I flip her a gold coin. She watches it hit the ground and goes, ""Thanks."" Welcome. All right, let's go home! I pick up Pikey. All right. You guys find your way back to Whitestone Castle to your respective rooms. No. I sneak into Percy's room.",Investigation
Perception,"29. Yeah, no. Percy does not seem to notice you. He's snoring loudly face down in his still-set bed, (snoring) in the bed itself. The room is dark, but you can still see fine. I'm not going to shove it in his butt, all right? Can I try to reach under and get it into the pocket in the coat? Yeah, go ahead and make a sleight of hand check. Reaching around? (laughter) I love you all so much. Sleight of hand? Seven plus 15 is-- 22. Percival, I need you to roll",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"sitting there, fingers steepled, looking at the table. ""Thank you. Please, come in. ""Close the door behind you. I think we should have some privacy for this."" Very foreboding, Asum. ""This is an important conversation."" Should we have this downstairs, then? ""I'd prefer to have it here, in private."" Out with it. Asum stands up for a second and goes, ""Thank you for coming. I think it's time ""we discuss something of extreme importance."" I want to insight. I agree.",Insight
Insight,"Let's stop pretending you have a choice here. ""The one you call Seeker Asum is alive, in Emon, still working amongst the Clasp. The story I ""gave you was mostly truth, peppered with necessary deceit to place me here amongst you for the time I ""needed. He is there to secure survivors against Thordak. ""I infiltrated the ranks of the Clasp, gained his trust, which allowed me to find your whereabouts, ""and so I came. He sent me on a mission to notify you of his plans, which, by the way, along with ""Brotoras, Goldhand, and the Clasp's cooperation, they have a plan to strike at the Cinder King.""",Insight
Perception,"Can we please just fucking kill her now? I'm not Keyleth. Your threats, they won't bend me, because I believe you. I believe that you would rend this entire city asunder. That's why I'm at the table. I am conscious of where we are, I'm conscious of who you are, and I'm conscious of what you need. I'm just trying to make sure that everybody's clear that the minute that red dragon dies, all bets are off. You know it as well as I do. And you should be wary, because only one side of this table is underestimating the other. Which side is it? Thank you, Grog.",Insight
Insight,"No, I want a dead dragon. ""You see, whereas I have the aptitude to know where my alliances stand, Vorugal is, of the ""entire Conclave, the closest Thordak has to a lap dog."" So dead, then. ""Probably the best bet, yes."" Yes, Grog? I have a question. Do you want to talk to Thordak's dead spirit, or are you after the big shiny jewel in the middle of his chest? ""I have no interest in whatever enchantment shackles him to his insanity. I merely wish to ""draw from him the secret I've been promised.""",Insight
Insight,"know where my alliances stand, Vorugal is, of the ""entire Conclave, the closest Thordak has to a lap dog."" So dead, then. ""Probably the best bet, yes."" Yes, Grog? I have a question. Do you want to talk to Thordak's dead spirit, or are you after the big shiny jewel in the middle of his chest? ""I have no interest in whatever enchantment shackles him to his insanity. I merely wish to ""draw from him the secret I've been promised."" Insight check to see if he's lying. Ditto!",Insight
Perception,"one down into the ziggurat and she didn't respect that! Nope. (whispers) Bitch. I said (singing) bitch. How big is the room? It's about, I'd say-- close to 30 feet by 60 feet. How many entrances? There's two doors that enter, and then two windows that face out the front. Are you going to attack her all of a sudden? Are you going to attack her right now? We should probably kill her right now. I agree with that! Can I do a scan of the",Investigation
Investigation,"(whispers) Bitch. I said (singing) bitch. How big is the room? It's about, I'd say-- close to 30 feet by 60 feet. How many entrances? There's two doors that enter, and then two windows that face out the front. Are you going to attack her all of a sudden? Are you going to attack her right now? We should probably kill her right now. I agree with that! Can I do a scan of the room, like a perception check to see if I notice magical traps or anything weird set up?",Investigation
Perception,"There's two doors that enter, and then two windows that face out the front. Are you going to attack her all of a sudden? Are you going to attack her right now? We should probably kill her right now. I agree with that! Can I do a scan of the room, like a perception check to see if I notice magical traps or anything weird set up? Make an investigation check. Investigation? If you're looking for traps, it's investigation. No, is there anything off? Does it look like there's an opening?",Investigation
Insight,"I'm not changing the status of the castle. She has the same status she had before, there's no sense in changing them. I'm going to have sex with every beast on every continent. Thank you, Captain Kirk. (singing) Gotta catch 'em all. (laughter) I'm content with this. ""Very well. I'll go check in with the boss, if you will. Alleviate any concern on his end."" Thank you. ""We shall meet tomorrow."" See you tomorrow.",Insight
Religion,"on her, but we have to be careful. We shouldn't spy on her when she's speaking to Thordak because Thordak might see it, which would mean that plan or no plan, everything would be ruined. If Thordak senses, sees, any one of us in the same place as her, he will go mad. And then if I were her, I would destroy this city and all of us as quickly as possible and run. I feel like she needs to talk to the spirit because she's going to try to absorb his power or something. She's a fucking idiot. What do I know about Melora and this curse? Because there are a lot of druids who worship Melora.",Religion
History,"And Vorugal loves something to hunt. What if we bring it through, let it fight Vorugal, kill Vorugal, get the staff-- Kill Raishan. I like this plan. Not like anything could go wrong with it but-- It's a good start. It's brazen. I like it. (sighs) Yes? There's no easy way to do this. We don't know what that thing is that has-- what the beast is. Apparently, it's a goristro. A goristro?",History
Religion,"but-- It's a good start. It's brazen. I like it. (sighs) Yes? There's no easy way to do this. We don't know what that thing is that has-- what the beast is. Apparently, it's a goristro. A goristro? Can I make a history check? It's a barista? There's no defeating a barista. And she's really angry, because it's fall time. Pumpkin spice lattes.",Religion
Religion,"Not this day! And every creature you make fun of is going to hurt that much more when it kills you. We are the Peter Parker of this game. We walk around mocking things. It's great. It's so wonderful. There's like this seventh ring of hell where they're all hanging out going, ""And then ""they called me Purvan."" ""It's pronounced 'Purvin.' That's so much better."" ""I was named after my grandfather, man."" I'd say honestly, like I might give a",Religion
Investigation,"I'm so used to you smashing across our enemies, shoulder-to-shoulder with Grog, I get complacent. You're so strong. I know that. So much more powerful than I am. Lulled me into a false sense of security. But I can't have you gone. I need you here, so anything we can do to stack the deck in your favor. When you fell yesterday, it shook me. Seems to be a trend, watching all of us fall. Kiki, will you wear that? You'll have to attune to it on a short rest, but you can do that. While you guys are doing that, Percy and Vex, could you guys roll an",Perception
Investigation,"Wait. I don't know if he's cool, man. Maybe you should check him. Check him? All right. I'll check him. ""What?"" Yennen, you keep your hands where I can see them. ""This is very--"" Just keep them where I can see them. He's got the broom in front. I'm going to slowly touch his arms, make sure he's real. Your hands meet cloth and somewhat wrinkled older gentleman skin. I'll pat him down.",Investigation
Intimidation,"toward his room. You start hearing him turning over blankets, things tumbling onto the ground. He's tearing through his room in the back of the temple. Well done. You've got to lick your fingers and then wet-- Oh, good, yeah. Ooh. About ten minutes go by before he comes out, sweat pouring down his face. He's like, (panting) ""I have nothing. I'm sorry."" It's all right. We all have room to improve. I suppose we know now where yours lies. You have your orders. Don't make me tell Percy about this.",Intimidation
Religion,"Raven Queen that Percy had built. What would you like to do? I want to go in and have a moment. Pray. Okay. So I will go in and kneel down where Percival showed me and stay quiet for a few minutes, then ask a couple of questions. I haven't spoken in a while. I'm trying to grow stronger. Whatever it is you need. Maybe it is selfish, but I seek vengeance against my mother's killer. Once I have it, I will go to the ends of this world for you. To help me go stronger, is there anything you can tell me about the fiend named Yenk? We need to use it.",Religion
Insight,"Well look, let's keep it on the low-low, right, I don't want too many people getting jealous, so like only in private quarters will you address me by my official title. Okay, or the shortened versions thereof. Yeah, which I look forward to learning. You will enjoy them. I'm sure we will all enjoy them. This is a great day, Grog. It is, right? Man, I just keep coming up in the world. Coming up, against all the odds. I feel like an Eminem song in the background right now. Eight Mile, bitches. Let's go inside.",Perception
Nature,"What time is it? It's mid-afternoon. You guys have spent the day doing research and checking things out. You woke up in the morning and you had your conversation with Raishan, so it's two, three in the afternoon. I have another question. How far are we, timeline in the year? How close are we getting to Winter's Crest? You are close to three months past it, so you have a ways to go before it's Winter's Crest again. When's the next solstice? The celestial solstice? You're not sure,",Nature
Perception,"the tree grove up above the chasm? There was that sideways tree? The sideways tree was where you came through, but you found a tree above that you could get to. And I grew a tree, right? Didn't I grow some trees? Yeah. I pick one of those trees. Okay. You finish your Transport Via Plants spell. The portal opens. You all begin darting through, Kima darts through. Who's the last one out? I'll be the last one out.",Athletics
Perception,"were essentially wiped out. Ravenites currently hold the ravine. Scry on Tooma. I can scry a few times. Just so you're aware, you can only scry on someone on the same plane of existence, so you'll have to step outside the mansion to scry. Oh. I'll step outside the mansion to scry. Okay. I step outside the mansion, and I take a good, hard look around. I'll sit in the door, and I'll keep an eye on this.",Stealth
Perception,"Oh. Oh, it's steep? It's a cliff. It's the Grand Canyon. I shoot out the wings, and I glide Scanlan and I invisibly down to the bottom. Okay. You guys disappear down into the ravine. You lose eye contact with them once they're outside of 120 feet of you. I'll stalk the top of the ravine and keep an ear open. Okay. And keep an eye out for anything that looks horrifying and bad. Okay. Make a-- Horrifying check.",Perception
Survival,"or so it takes you to finally find the area that's familiar to you in this dark, that is where you guys previously were. You're having to look around for quite a bit, and it's a lot of having to go back up again and glide around. It's a big space, and in the dark, in the middle of the night, it's very difficult for you to figure out any sign of where you previously tread. You do manage to find it, but you're now looking at-- how long does Invisibility last? One hour. Okay, so you guys are about halfway through Invisibility's functionality. And halfway through flying.",Survival
Persuasion,"Spears out. It's fine. Yes, we're friends of Tooma. We've come to parlay. ""Put your weapons down."" I have no weapons. I play fiddles. ""I see a sword at your side."" Would you like me to drop it to the floor? ""Yes."" All right. Well, I'm already being asked to take off my belt. ""You, too."" All right. We're friends of Tooma. We have an important mission.",Persuasion
Insight,"Here's the plan. We'll be quick so you can get back to sleep. Tomorrow morning, we're going to release a beast that will, we hope, lure the dragon out of its lair. We want you and your people at the ready to attack. Can that be done? ""That can be done, yes."" And where would you recommend we release this beast? Her eyes curl up with a slight, slick sound of older, not-as-moisturized lizard eyes. You see these eyelids click across as she thinks. ""Across, to the northern side of the ravine, the ramp leads ""up. Up that ramp, you will see a circle of stones, a hundred feet across. That should suffice.""",Insight
Perception,"at the rule, make sure we confirm that before next episode, but yes. That is probably a possibility. And if this is an ability check, you could also inspire yourself with a d12. Honey badger Spock, is that what you just said? Anyway, start thinking how you're going to handle this next week, guys. You've got a week to pull this together. Yeah, we can talk this time! Sure. We're in the mansion. Yeah, you guys are having a whole night where you can work this out. Yeah, and I'm annoyed that I know what",Stealth
Perception,"Oh, that's unfortunate. I'll go grab the book from Percy as he's sleeping. Roll for it! You don't get to say roll! You don't get to say roll for it! I've said that, and he's ignored me, so you don't get to say shit! Matt! Dad, make her roll for it! For? I'm just trying the big book of beasts away from Percy as he's sleeping. He's not sleeping on it, is he? It's in my possession.",Persuasion
Stealth,"Yeah, don't bring your best. Fenthras. No, leave that at home. I'll take it. I'm not going to use it  I don't know how! Barely. Woo-hoo! Now you've got three Vestiges! Should we go, then? Can you make me invisible and we go? I can make you invisible. You can fly us down through the cavern, but you're going to have to be super stealthy. Okay. I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on us. Okay. Don't know how that'll work if we're flying, but okay. Doesn't that cover our tracks?",Stealth
Survival,"All right. And as your form shifts to the first probably albino crow to wander the landscape here in Wildemount, you are able to follow them, should you so chose. To match Vex, I give him one little blue feather, just off the side. Little blue streak. A little bit  this isn't Percy's, but (caws). (laughter) (caws) Come on, let's go. Come on. All right, let's go. You guys make your way outside into the heavy snowfall, across the top of the ravine. You",Survival
Stealth,"It's up to an hour. Yeah it'd still be active. As they're leaving, not wanting to get left out, I fly down from the air and land in my sister's hair and like a cat (growls) into the top of her head five or seven or 12 times. Thank you. (caws) So tangled. Instantaneous bedhead. You can't even see it, but you can feel it and it bothers you. All right. You guys both are invisible, the bird clutching to your side. You take the broom back up into the snowy storm. I need you both to make",Stealth
Stealth,"head five or seven or 12 times. Thank you. (caws) So tangled. Instantaneous bedhead. You can't even see it, but you can feel it and it bothers you. All right. You guys both are invisible, the bird clutching to your side. You take the broom back up into the snowy storm. I need you both to make stealth checks with advantage. I thought we were invisible. We're invisible. Yes, I've made us invisible again. Big bonus.",Stealth
Stealth,"crawling sunrise. The sun hasn't quite crested, but you can see through the snowfall, which is lessening at the moment, the distant light blue is getting lighter and lighter. You probably have another 30 minutes before the sun hits the actual horizon line. But as you step out of one of the trees that you created previous, when you had journeyed to the ruins of Draconia, you do see about 150 feet off, the shimmer of the outside of Scanlan's mansion door. (whispers) Let's be quiet, okay? Let's do this. Oh, great. Pike's good at quiet. We stealth there.",Stealth
Perception,"bust my balls on a daily basis. What is that about? What is that about? What have I ever done but support you? Pipe down! Calm down! Listen, how are we getting down there? Can we hurry this up, please? Throw my dagger at the ceiling. Travel with it. All right, so you watch his form vanish again. About 40 feet up, (impact). Can I land on my sister? On me?! Make a dexterity saving throw. This would be acrobatics, right. What about me?",Acrobatics
Stealth,"mansion doorway is, you crest down to where a large portion of the rubble is currently buried by snow and ice. The wind is whipping snow up into the air, and you're finding little spirals and little snow devils that are making their way through as different clusters of wind tend to swell and subside. You make your way over to the opposite side of the ravine and start heading to the north way, crawling around. I'm going to keep an eye out to make sure nobody seems like they're-- especially towards Vorugal's plateau to make sure he's not there. Need you to go ahead and make a perception check if you could. And I need everybody to make a",Perception
Perception,"It's Arendelle! He's been carving it this week. So this circle of stones, the clusters of rock that have broken down and are sticking out, you don't know what the cultural significance of them are. They appear to have been there for a long time  these were not a recent series of landmarks that were presented here. These have been here for a while. But you do see a series of claw marks and damaged bits throughout the space in the area that is uncharacteristic of the rest of the ravine floor that you've been traversing. Can Vorugal see this spot? Curved away?",Perception
Perception,"been here for a while. But you do see a series of claw marks and damaged bits throughout the space in the area that is uncharacteristic of the rest of the ravine floor that you've been traversing. Can Vorugal see this spot? Curved away? You make a perception check, Scanlan. Oh, I'm great at those. We just traveled about a half-mile? Six! About a quarter mile. You don't see Vorugal from here, so probably not. I would be looking for Vorugal too, though.",Perception
Investigation,"from here, so probably not. I would be looking for Vorugal too, though. Perception check. Natural 20. From this perspective, it's a little ways in the way the ravine has crawled in this northeastern direction from where the lair center was. This area is not directly visible from Vorugal. You cannot see, for quite a bit, that area. Wind fingers for Vorugal. All right. Can I float down and get a closer look at the weird marks you were talking about?",Investigation
Perception,"picked clean-- of varying sizes. There appears to be a half-eaten large insect-like carapace that's shoved off to the side. A number of creatures have fallen here and have been mostly eaten, devoured, or left to be picked apart by the other birds of prey that exist in this area. We have cover from either side of the top. That's right. I'm going to fly over to the top of the far right of the ravine. Behind those rocks right there? Above them, all the way up here. And I'm going to take a look around and see if anybody, anything's around, anything living that looks suspicious.",Investigation
Nature,"Behind those rocks right there? Above them, all the way up here. And I'm going to take a look around and see if anybody, anything's around, anything living that looks suspicious. Perception check. You'd think I'd be able to do this. 18. Okay. Glancing about, you can see every now and then, a few birds fly overhead. Appear to be hawks, light gray in color. They're just looking around, circling and vanishing in the distance. You do see a few small furred critters  looks almost squirrel-like, but it's too far away to make out the details, and you're not very",Perception
Perception,"Send the two bitties. And we're going to hide out. I'm still in my mist form. Did you guys de-mist-ify? Well, we've been talking, so I'm going to say yes. Hey, clever elves, can you scout around, make sure we're not being watched? There are no elves here. My mother was a human. Do you want to go right now? I've been keeping an eye out, but yes, I will keep watch. We're not being watched? You sure those hawks are hawks? Is anything watching us?",Stealth
Perception,"I'm going to spend some time in this form just studying to see if there's anything odd about this circle at all. Studying the stones. Okay. Where is the circle? Oh. Thank you. Right, so Pike and Scanlan, you guys go mist form, make your way over back towards where the mansion was placed. Takes you a while. Are you going through the ravine, or are you going over the ravine? Over. Okay. So the two of you guys coast up to the side and over the top of the wall. There is some heavy dead forest area here, but you coast on the side of it, keeping an eye down. Both of you guys",Perception
Perception,"up into the air, spirals up, then wings go out and then coasts off westward, away from you guys. Oh, away from us? Away from you guys in a western direction. Away from them, too? Away from us. He's going west. We're east. So you guys are fine. Wait. I try to make wide eyes. (gasps) Does this mean we can dig? Did we see him go in the air from where we are?",Perception
Stealth,"rather briskly back towards the direction of Vorugal's lair. When you see the dragon pop up into the sky and head this direction, start summoning. Percy? Up? Yes, please. All right. I take Percy up top. You bring Percy up onto the top. The rain is starting to come down hard now and you're instinctively getting chills and shivering a little bit. You get up into your little parapet area, place him there. I try to move some snow around and try to block it.",Stealth
Stealth,"of Percy's cloak through the cover you've placed. Shit. I dive back down and try to cover him a little bit more before I head over to my side. Okay, that'll be the rest of this 30-minute preparation for you to do that. All right, who else is doing what now? I think I just peed a little. Keyleth is peeing a little. I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on myself as soon as I get to the other side so I can stay stealthed on my side. Where are you staying, then? On the other ledge. Yeah. I'm trying to hide myself.",Stealth
Stealth,"All righty. As time begins to tick down, 15 minutes left, ten minutes left-- I cast Enhance Ability on Scanlan. Okay, you're enhancing his? Charisma. All righty. And then I am going to move. We don't have anyone over here yet, really, correct? No. You have Percy up here but no one down there. All right, I'm going to-- fuck. Going to? Hide behind the tree and stealth as much as I can.",Stealth
Perception,"About there? Yeah, sure. Okay. Remember to be super direct with his name. And his name is Yenk? Here, let me give you the script. As you pull the scroll out, fumbling in your fingers slightly, you're slightly sweaty and nervous. I'm not going to read it until I hear wings flapping. Okay. It takes six seconds to do, right?",Persuasion
Perception,"As you pull the scroll out, fumbling in your fingers slightly, you're slightly sweaty and nervous. I'm not going to read it until I hear wings flapping. Okay. It takes six seconds to do, right? Make a perception check. Oh boy. That's an eight. You have advantage on charisma checks. This is not charisma. This is his perception. Do we see him in the sky at all?",Perception
Stealth,"The blue light turns to crimson, to a deep burning red, and you hear this horrible, deep sucking sound. And you watch as Yenk the goristro is thrown from it, landing in the center of the ravine, fist to the ground-- We're going to die! Are you leaving the gate open? No, I close it instantly. Okay, the gate slams shut behind, the reddish light then now being consumed with a final blip of blue before it disappears. I'm going to tiptoe backwards into the mansion. Well, the goristro swoops the head over in",Perception
Perception,"right into the jaw, and then brings up one of its hooves and straight-up chest kicks with the sharpened hoof into the center of Vorugal's chest. It leaves Vorugal stumbling back for a second. At the end of that turn, it's going to use two of its legendary actions to once again beat its wings. Yenk, not being a very dexterous individual, fails and gets knocked prone once again, sending Vorugal once again up to there. Back to Vorugal's turn, he does not get the ice breath, but it looks like Vorugal actually is moving further and further away and is biding his time. I'm going to cast Invisibility on myself and poke my head out the door. Yeah, that'll work.",Perception
Stealth,"Have you said anything in the earpiece yet? Well, you guys saw it. People inside can't hear me. All right, so comes back to the top of the round now. Yenk is currently climbing up the side. Gets about halfway up the side. Is not entirely up, but is clawing up, and you feel the impact from where you're standing, Percy. I'm holding. Going to use the rest of his action to climb up. Gets all the way to the top of the ravine, which is about at the same height that Vorugal is. Based on your help, I need you to roll another",Athletics
Stealth,"contend with, so as long as we keep it a bigger threat than us, I think he'll keep his concentration where it is. We should still try to stay out of all this. Everyone who has rolled initiative will be on the next initiative order. Vax, you're finishing up this round. Oh, I am? I would like to throw Whisper to the rock I was initially hiding behind and bamf there. Roll an attack roll. Yeah. Sure, that's 25. I would like to use my bonus action to hide behind that rock.",Stealth
Perception,"What are you good for? That'll be 41 points of lightning damage. Okay! Remember, she learned from the druids a bunch of fucking nature shit. One of the arcs tries to reach for Yenk and manages to disperse before it can get to it. It's not quite within range, but that finishes wherever that lightning source was. Yenk angrily is going to stand up and turn. It is going to attempt to run and grab up at Vorugal again. Come on, Yenk! Leaps and misses, (impact) landing right next to the rock. That's a natural 20 on a",Athletics
Stealth,"And I get sneak attack because Vax is on him. Yep. Is that Fenthras? It's Fenthras. And then 25 on the second hit. Points of damage?! No, that's just to attack. Oh, jeez Louise. (counting) 23 on the second one, with four points of lightning damage and two points of fire damage. All right. So that's your turn? And I'm going to use my bonus action to hide.",Stealth
Stealth,"That was damage. And then the second attack hits. It's a 31. (counting) These are sharpshooter shots? It's the 1d10, plus bonus-- 1d8, plus eight, plus two for dragon, plus Hunter's Mark. Right, there we go. Second one is how much damage? 24, with two lighting damage. The first one had four lightning damage. Okay. Does that end your turn? (sighs) I want to help, I just don't know what I can do. That's all I can keep doing. I'm going to use my bonus action to hide.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"or if it's one of the things that you can do if he attacks an enemy. The creature has to be within 30 feet of you, so no. He's way too far. 24 for the next shot. Third one does hit. That's 12 points, with two points of necrotic. And I'm going to grab my rope, and I'm going to wave at the green dragon and start dropping down. Okay. I have a rope. I know you do. As you leap off the side, the clench in the stone (tink) comes loose, and you (impacts) tumble down the hill. I need you to make",Acrobatics
Investigation,"space underneath the air elemental. ""You ""betrayer!"" (roars) And unleash a blast of frozen death down, hitting Raishan, as well as Vax and Pike. You're unconscious. Vax, you fail a death saving throw automatically. I thought Pike had one hit point. RIght. If you make the save, you're still taking 30-something cold damage, so you're down. Automatic one fail on a death saving throw. Raishan does not make the save and takes 72 points of ice damage. Yeah, that's going to end Vorugal's turn, very angrily. All right, that brings us to Grog. Yeah. Can I make a quick look down? Do I see any Spire of Conflux?",Athletics
Investigation,"into his throat and tears it out. You see the spray of blood across Raishan's mouth and across the front of the ravine as Vorugal's body falls limp onto the ground. Spits the chunk of white dragon flesh onto the bottom of the ravine. The green dragon spins around, facing you all. ""Well ""done."" And backs into a sitting position. The wings furl down and fold into her side. ""Take your ""spoils. It seems the war is nigh."" There will be a conversation. I run as fast as I can over to Pike and Vax. I run to the body of the big demonic thing and start going through it.",Investigation
Perception,"""circumstances?"" It's true, Scanlan, they did help a lot in that regard. ""We may not have the might to finish the dragon--"" You told us that you would have men there to help us, and there was nothing. We almost died. ""We sent men your way!"" You knew when the fight was. ""We knew when to begin the fight, but we do not have means of travelling as fast as a dragon!"" I'm running around like a cracked-out PCP addict in the background. Just looking on the ground for booty, that's all.",Persuasion
Perception,"represents the spoils of the remains of Draconia ""the dragon greedily stole, hoarded, and forced us to gather at the base of its icy seat. This will ""be the beginning of our new nation, and with this, we will make sure this statue comes to bear."" Good luck. Where the fuck is it?! That's all you hear me say. (laughter) What are you looking for? Help me look! For what? What are we looking for? Just dig! (laughter)",Perception
Investigation,"keepsakes. ""The spoils here were largely collected from the wreckage of our captors and much of the gold ""here was earned through our blood and turmoil. However, we were able to free ourselves and have ""access to this fortune a great deal thanks to your aid. We are more than willing to divide this ""between your folk and ours."" That sounds most generous. Shall we look for specifically interesting little bits, or just grab the platinum? Just grab whatever's closest and leave. Are there any interesting-looking weapons or unique items that are out of the ordinary?",Investigation
Investigation,"the wreckage of our captors and much of the gold ""here was earned through our blood and turmoil. However, we were able to free ourselves and have ""access to this fortune a great deal thanks to your aid. We are more than willing to divide this ""between your folk and ours."" That sounds most generous. Shall we look for specifically interesting little bits, or just grab the platinum? Just grab whatever's closest and leave. Are there any interesting-looking weapons or unique items that are out of the ordinary? Make an investigation check. Any looking-magically thingies?",Investigation
Investigation,"greatsword. It has a series of small symbols carved along the base of the blade on each side. The handle comes a gradual upward curve. It looks beautiful, ornamental, like something you'd see in a temple as part of a centerpiece. But it's weighted properly for a greatsword and is far too big for you to ever possibly muster in battle. I can't use this, so I'll just leave it. Wait! Let's not be hasty! My god, it's beautiful! Do you want it? I'm very emotional about this right now. Can I check it for traps? Check it for traps.",Investigation
Investigation,"Oh, right. So it was most likely a sea-faring ship, and was torn asunder, from a great distance and then dragged here as part of the hoard by Vorugal. What are we going to do with a mast? I have no idea. Maybe on the way out we can see if it's uncovered any more. We'll stick a Google Maps pin here. We'll always know it's here, because when we come visit Tiberius' grave, we'll also leave some flowers and take a mast with us. They've been working on this for a while now, is it possible to wiggle my way in and check out the mast now?",Perception
Arcana,"She was doing something previously. I don't think that anything awful is going to happen. I also took this little keepsake. I call it Stoneblack. Because it's a black stone? Well don't fucking break it down like that. It's so neat. Does it look fancy? Is it magic? Why don't you Detect Magic, whoever can Detect Magic? I can't. Wait, can I? No, I can't. I can look at it and see if it looks magical.",Arcana
Investigation,"Why would a dragon keep a boat? Why would he? Maybe his woobie, you know--? Like a blankie. Yeah. You know about that, Percy? Some people like collecting ships, you know? Maybe he's a nautical kind of guy. Yeah, guns and ships. He was a nautical kind of guy. Right, yeah. (hums the intro of ""Alexander Hamilton"") While we're all standing here with our thumbs in our butts, could I look around and see if I see a little stone, a little palantir?",Investigation
Stealth,"Is there a tanner in Whitestone? One would assume we have a tanner in Whitestone. There are a few tanners, yeah. Is it super cold where I dropped off the hide? Like is it below ground? It's below ground. Yeah, it's not-- A bit chilly? Comparatively. Whitestone in general is a pretty chilly place, so yeah. But not like a fake-bake. We want a real tanner, right? Hey, while they're talking about all this, can I stealth away?",Stealth
Stealth,"If I get there, are there a lot of guards keeping an eye? Not within the courtyard, no. Occasionally, there'll be one patrolling. Can I pee in the courtyard? By all means! I feel like I need to mark my territory. This is home for us, and I peed all over Greyskull Keep. I left little puddles that y'all didn't know about. It's real important in case other goliaths come around and are like, (sniff) ""Nope, the wolf's here. I got to go elsewhere."" I assumed it was shoddy masonry and everything was leaking.",Stealth
Insight,"character. (growls) Oh dear. Head back. We're going to have that meeting soon. Get your game face on, yeah? I will. I'll wash my face. Get to it. All right. How are you doing? I'm good. Yeah? Best I've been in a while. That's good to hear. It's been a while since we had one of our depressing chats. You seem a little more chipper these days. Coming around to my perspective, are you?",Insight
Insight,"(growls) Oh dear. Head back. We're going to have that meeting soon. Get your game face on, yeah? I will. I'll wash my face. Get to it. All right. How are you doing? I'm good. Yeah? Best I've been in a while. That's good to hear. It's been a while since we had one of our depressing chats. You seem a little more chipper these days. Coming around to my perspective, are you? Can I make an insight check?",Insight
Insight,"""With the cards being in our favor."" It's not the first devil I've made a deal with. ""No."" Doesn't always turn out well, Percival. Doesn't always turn out terribly, either. ""Regardless, I have a lot to think about. As do we all."" And Allura slowly turns her head and looks up, probably for the first time since she sat down, to the illusory Raishan's Asum form. ""Asum lives, then?"" ""Indeed he does. Indeed he does."" And Allura turns her head back and goes--",Insight
Investigation,"incursion in the Stormcrest Mountains. Most of them went with Syngorn when it got pulled back to the Feywild, and one regiment still remains at Fort Daxio. Fort Daxio is north of Emon. Are there any guards from Emon here? Because the guards were also the guards from Emon went to Syngorn. So maybe someone in one of the guards knows one of the guards in Fort Daxio. This is a lot of work. Yeah. Is there an easier way to go about this? You could ask around? I am going to go and see if I can find one of the Whitestone guards.",Persuasion
Perception,"dead. You do see to the immediate northwest of your current location, clinging to the side of the a massive stronghold, built of gray and brown stone, an outer wall perimeter that completely surrounds it, buttressed against each side of the cliff, and within, you can see a multi-tiered fortress structure within, built specifically for defending against any sort of army siege or incursion. Wow, that is way bigger than I expected it to be. That's what I'm talking about. Can I check the skies? Anything flying around?",Investigation
Animal Handling,"fling off that way. (gasp) Pike! Oh lookit. What? It's a little-- It's tiny right? It's so cute. Yeah, he chirps I bet. It's a little thorbilly. (laughter) Can you make thorbilly land on your finger like a Disney princess? Can I? This is so dumb. Yeah, I'm going to try.",Animal Handling
Perception,"Is it a dick? It 's a four. Okay, nine. That's kind of a dick. You make three (clunks) clomping plate armor. Pike steps before the bird-- [no audio] Into the sky. It was a baby thorbilly. They're a little more shy. Yeah, no yeah. He was very scared. (laughter) It's all right. Next time. Does it look like anybody's in the fort looking down at us? Are we far enough away?",Perception
Nature,"underground, is there? I saw this movie called The Martian. If we shit all over everything, it'll grow. Yeah, lots of potatoes grow from shit. Maybe if we could make a composting system for them. So you can't grow anything right now? Can I get someone to take me to a courtyard, or something like that? The courtyard is the area between the outer wall and the fortress itself, which is all built into the side of the mountain. Can I do some sort of druidy soil test? pH test, or something like that?",Nature
Nature,"shit all over everything, it'll grow. Yeah, lots of potatoes grow from shit. Maybe if we could make a composting system for them. So you can't grow anything right now? Can I get someone to take me to a courtyard, or something like that? The courtyard is the area between the outer wall and the fortress itself, which is all built into the side of the mountain. Can I do some sort of druidy soil test? pH test, or something like that? Make a nature check. See if I can grow stuff here? With a",Nature
Investigation,"Do they disappear when they're dead? Oh, right. They disappear. Yep. They would watch that meat go (poof). Sorry. Oh, that's mean. No, I don't do that, by the way. I was asking ahead of time, because that would be mean. Never mind. Also awesome. This one druid got to level three and then opened its own hunting emporium and never became an adventurer again. Supply for days. Yeah! So you're setting up the mess hall. You're checking in to see-- go ahead and make an",Persuasion
Perception,"All right. I'll float us down on my ever-flying broom. Ow! Okay, so you guys descend. I go down pretty slow to make this last a little bit longer. Getting close though, yeah? What? What? To take out all of this? Yeah. Yeah. Kill 'em, or die trying. That's right.",Stealth
Perception,"and bounce. ""Duck, duck, goose"" means it's playtime. Yeah. Let's walk into the City of Brass. Yeah. All right. As you guys begin stepping towards this, and it is hard to gauge distance on this city's size, even from just arriving in this place.The more you walk, the slower its arrival comes as you begin to take in the sheer immensity of its sprawling expanse. You see little occasional bursts of flame off from the opposite side of the wall, some small shapes coasting over, a little glow pass. And as you get close enough,",Perception
Deception,"invisible. Let me drop the spell. And I will cast Major Image, and I am making a goristro, right behind us, that looks a lot like Yenk because that's the only one I've ever seen. (laughter) Oh, I love you. 20 feet tall, snarling, growling, just a fucking nightmare. Okay. So is it just standing there snarling? Yeah, looking real mean and ornery with spit coming off of him. Okay. All right. At this point, the three efreeti are glancing in that direction. First off,",Perception
Perception,"humanoids. Okay, so you keep an eye out as you progress. And you're looking for--? Anyone who looks like they're not a servant, who looks like they're maybe getting by well. Yeah, kind of the same thing. Okay. Continuing farther into the city. This whole city has this vibrant life to it, from the way it reflects light from the ever-changing, flickering skylight from the sun, to the flames that adorn every single conjunction of roads that make their way through the city, to occasionally, you will see cracks in the ground where a flame will flare out then retract within. Go ahead and",Perception
Persuasion,"robes-- both are wearing matching white and gold robes-- and they each step out from the alley and begin to walk ahead of you guys about 60, 70 feet. So it's these two strange beings with strange eyes and a tiefling. There's one entity that's the strange being and the other is a tiefling. Oh, okay. So one is one and one's another, thank you. I'm going to walk up to the tiefling, like ten feet away. Excuse me! Sorry, can I trouble you for a minute? I've just come to town. I know, that sounds ridiculous, it is, I'm a stranger in a strange land. Could I borrow you just for a minute?",Persuasion
Insight,"Oh, shit. Well, here we go. They both continue to walk in the direction they're walking. They're together, right? They're together, but they face away from you. He's just, ""Follow me."" And they both continue walking ahead of you guys. All right, so I trip along behind them, and then I turn around and to the group I go-- I'm all right with this. This is a great way to die. We're following along behind them. Yes.",Insight
Insight,"They're together, right? They're together, but they face away from you. He's just, ""Follow me."" And they both continue walking ahead of you guys. All right, so I trip along behind them, and then I turn around and to the group I go-- I'm all right with this. This is a great way to die. We're following along behind them. Yes. Can I do like an insight check, like size up this tiefling from a distance and see what they might be about, get any idea about what they might do or be?",Insight
Deception,"Get a little closer. I'm going to wave them away a little bit. I think we're cattle. I'm going to lag. I'm going to drop another 20 feet back from the group. Okay. As you drop back from them, you come pretty close to the two efreeti that are following you from behind, and one of them puts his hand out and grabs you by the shoulder and pats you and goes, ""So friend, you are--? You are--?"" What? ""Who are you?"" I can't hear you. Oh no! No.",Deception
Persuasion,"they standing next to me? They're keeping pace with you as you're walking. You're walking shoulder to shoulder as the rest of you begin to slow down and catch up except for Vex, Vax, and Percy, who continue forward. We have Pike, Keyleth, and Scanlan beginning to catch up with Grog, and as you guys eventually get to the point where you're walking slow enough that the two efreeti catch up behind you, they keep walking with you. I light up my flame hand and I turn to Fist bump. Oh no. Pound it, man. Pound it.",Persuasion
Deception,"do you want your tiefling to look like? You know, I don't have a lot to go off of except for Zahra and that one that was in front of us, so I'm going to do Zahra, like a red. You know, a red, with like devilly horns, definitely give it a tail. I want to look intimidating. I want to look like you wouldn't want to meet me in a back alley, but that's where we are. A bad bitch. A bad bitch. Bad bitch tiefling. Which is still, like, an eighth as intimidating as an efreet. But you whip around and you say this, I'm going to have you go ahead and",Deception
Stealth,"pretty fast because of Grog's speed. So Keyleth would have gotten a head start and then Grog bypassed her, so you just see Keyleth disappear behind the corner of the alleyway. I'll snag Keyleth, too. I've got them both. All right. So my work here is done, so I'm going to tip my beret, good day to you both, and I'll Dimension Door into the alley with them or wherever they went. Actually, I don't know that alley, so I'm going to go in that direction the number of feet I think it is. Okay, so you'll be appearing at the mouth of that alleyway and you can dart into it. I would",Stealth
Insight,"""So. Let us wait here about ten, 15 more moments. Let any immediate chance of you running ""into those thugs pass. We'll have a more private conversation at our place of business, if you ""don't mind."" Why do you wear those white robes? Do they signify anything? ""They signify our freedom."" Were you once in chains? ""Few that come here manage to escape that fate immediately. We found our way."" That's ominous. Can I do an insight check? Does that mean he murdered a lot of fricking people?",Insight
Insight,"It's a back entrance, leading away from this main street. They both enter to this iron doorway. Senokir pulls something from a pocket and glances at the rest of you. He pricks his finger and places it to the edge of this object, some sort of a disk, and it has a small point on one end that he uses to prick his finger. Once he's smeared his blood on the disk, he presses it against the door, and the iron door opens up a little bit. Places it in his pocket. ""Come inside, so we may speak, please."" All right. I want to look in his eyes as we are about to go through and see if-- how honest he looks.",Insight
Sleight of Hand,"and spend the next 20 minutes attuning to it. He looks you over. ""Impressive. I think you will get no concern from myself when the other ""genasi cross your way."" (slowly) Do all of you talk like this? Do I also need to talk like this? ""I don't know what you mean."" Never mind. I go put the chains on, as well. I put the chains on. I want to put them on, but I don't want to click them. I want to hang them and make them look like they're attached, but I don't want to attach them.",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"(softly) Yeah. Do it then. Subtly. I will stealthily pick my sister's locks. Okay. As you guys are walking past, and at this point Senokir is talking and he mentions off to the side, ""We are now passing the street of artisans and the city market. This is what we call ""the Pyraklum. This is where we're going to find Whaska. This is where we're going to find the ""Zenith Forge and hopefully the end of your journey. But we can work out the specifics later."" As this is happening, I need you to make a sleight of hand roll. Get behind Grog.",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"Oh, Whaska! Is it okay if I ask one last question? ""Depends on the question. What do you ask?"" How do fire giants feel about the name, the Suutan-- Oh, wait. I already asked him that. Never mind. You know what, been a huge help. (laughter) You're not going to fist-bump, or anything? (metal ringing) Goes right back to hammering. Have you heard of the Plate of the Dawnmartyr?",Persuasion
Athletics,"I think there might be a lot of giants potentially in here at any one time. You see two very large metallic pissing pots that currently reside at the edge of each bed. Eww, you could take a swim in it! (disgusted noises) Were you so inclined, you definitely could. But nobody in here now? Nobody in here now, no. Are there any other windows along from where I am? I know they would be a ways off. It's a ways off to the next one, but you could try to climb over if you'd like to. Yeah.",Athletics
Perception,"doesn't match both the glass or the blackened iron structure of this building. It's a silver plate that rests where the glass sits down. As soon as it would move, a weight would shift, and something would happen. Looking at it, do I think I could disarm it from this side? Or is it something from the inside of the room? It would need to be something from the inside. Even if you were to attempt to do it from the inside, you would have to be at the base of the structure. From this side, it's too big for you to do anything, really. Okay, and I can't see shit.",Investigation
Deception,"this whole time? Yeah, sure. It's got Giant runes on it. Runes of Giant. Help me. Hey, Pike, can you help prop it up on that side? Do I recognize any of these runes? You recognize it's Giant. You cannot read. Yep. This is very important script. It says that you must carry this at all times, and if you let it go prematurely you will die. What? I don't think he's telling the truth. Better safe than sorry, though.",Deception
Insight,"You recognize it's Giant. You cannot read. Yep. This is very important script. It says that you must carry this at all times, and if you let it go prematurely you will die. What? I don't think he's telling the truth. Better safe than sorry, though. Grog, make a deception check. We'll hold it. Natural 20! What! Bullshit! Goddamn it. Which is a grand total of? It's a grand total of 21. Keyleth, Pike, I need you guys to both roll",Insight
Persuasion,"You are Lemmiwinks in this. If you want to gain some experience, that's up to you. And really interesting fanart. Anyway. They both stand there expectantly, saying nothing. Is this where we let the master do the talking? We're here to speak with Juuraiel. There's a small pause. You hear a voice echo from further back in the room, though you see no source for it, ""What is your business with this Juuraiel?"" We have a deal we'd like to make. We have a token of our-- We want to play cards?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"And really interesting fanart. Anyway. They both stand there expectantly, saying nothing. Is this where we let the master do the talking? We're here to speak with Juuraiel. There's a small pause. You hear a voice echo from further back in the room, though you see no source for it, ""What is your business with this Juuraiel?"" We have a deal we'd like to make. We have a token of our-- We want to play cards? Make a persuasion check. Oh Jesus.",Persuasion
Perception,"you. The fables were a lie! We're safe. She glances over it, and puts it over in her hands. ""So, you have spoken with Whaska?"" Yes. ""Okay, I will hear what you have to say. Let's hear your deal. Let them in!"" She turns around and walks across to the end of the room, as the two giants step to the side, removing their crossed swords from the entryway that scrape across the stone. And you may enter the premises. I want to look around immediately, all the walls.",Perception
Insight,"How many feet up the wall? It is about 25 to 30 feet up the wall. It's up where it's resting about the top height of the shield, so there's an even point and it's about five feet down from the ceiling. Should we let just Keyleth and Senokir up on the chairs? I would like a seat at the table, if that's all right? Let me get us out of this. Juuraiel? Do you mind if we speak candidly and dispose of our guises that led us here? ""But of course. You've already presented trust from one of my allies. You are safe within here.""",Insight
Deception,"matches as well. Is that true? Eyes shift back and forth over the rest of you here, ""I have an interest in games of chance ""on occasion, yes. So, you come all this way to play games?"" Yes, I have. I spend my life just playing games. It's my livelihood. I've won many things over the years. In fact, all of these great people, large and small next to me, I won in various card games around the planes. That one over there, the big one, I won him in a game of Gin Rummy in the Feywild. This guy I picked up in a game of Fish. I'm here to collect, possibly, one of your items, if that's all right with you?",Deception
Stealth,"by the way, we hear them stepping away and retrieve their weapons, and head back behind you guys. Just keeping them at their sides. So in this room, let's say you're her, and we're all where we are, and the giants are behind the group, is that about right? Yes. And how much room is there behind her and the wall? Maybe 15 feet, 20 feet. I'm going to slowly tippie-toe around the side of the wall, carefully avoiding giants. I want to stand not directly behind her, but off at an angle.",Stealth
Perception,"and take a d6. Roll it and put it next to the die. All right. And now take a d4. And if we fold, do we start over? If you fold, you lose the round. Oh, well then it's just a number. So it's just numbers, at this point? At this point, yeah. You walked into a game of her choice. There's no way to cheat. So there's three rolls in a row, and she's done two. Can we see them from where I am? You currently went around the table? Yeah, I'm at an angle, but I'm a lot lower than she is.",Stealth
Stealth,"At this point, yeah. You walked into a game of her choice. There's no way to cheat. So there's three rolls in a row, and she's done two. Can we see them from where I am? You currently went around the table? Yeah, I'm at an angle, but I'm a lot lower than she is. Make a perception check. Luck. That's fine. 22. You get a good glance at the first two cards, yes. Can I (mutters inaudibly) in the earring, as quiet as a mouse? Can I just breathe it?",Perception
Deception,"you do the next one, she stops and goes, ""So, as I was going to say before. How about, as your ""friends are the ante on the table, throw yourself in as well?"" And what will you give me if I win? ""Perhaps the ruby shield?"" I love myself a lot. A lot more than a bunch of rubies and a handle, I'll tell you that much. If I'm giving myself to slavery forever, I want something a hell of a lot better than that. I'm a man who's won 500 straight card games in a row. You think these slaves are something? You should see what I have at home.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"He's an awful-looking dwarf. ""So, are you going to buy or shall I wait for the ones I'm looking for?"" (French accent) Which ones are those? (laughter) ""Piss off."" (whispering) Offer him 15 for the pair. (French accent) (whispering) Merci. (normal volume) Would you take 15 for both of them? ""Are your ears clogged? I said ten each or 18 for the bundle!"" (French accent) Yes, but you don't seem to know where they come from, who they belonged to before. It's a risk that is possibly worth 3,000 gold.",Persuasion
Insight,"""He's had us here for three days. Sorry."" It's all right. In that time have you seen a large red thing with big wings? They both recoil, ""No, no!"" Okay, all right. Thank you. We just wait, I suppose. Yeah, I guess so. You want to go buy a few more? No, no, no, sorry. I'm sorry. You could just say, Angels for sale! Wait, did you drop a bunch of gold on them? No! No, no, no, we got an amazing deal. Like how much? Like, 50 gold. It was so affordable.",Deception
Insight,"large red thing with big wings? They both recoil, ""No, no!"" Okay, all right. Thank you. We just wait, I suppose. Yeah, I guess so. You want to go buy a few more? No, no, no, sorry. I'm sorry. You could just say, Angels for sale! Wait, did you drop a bunch of gold on them? No! No, no, no, we got an amazing deal. Like how much? Like, 50 gold. It was so affordable. I want to do an insight check on that. Go for it.",Deception
Deception,"They both recoil, ""No, no!"" Okay, all right. Thank you. We just wait, I suppose. Yeah, I guess so. You want to go buy a few more? No, no, no, sorry. I'm sorry. You could just say, Angels for sale! Wait, did you drop a bunch of gold on them? No! No, no, no, we got an amazing deal. Like how much? Like, 50 gold. It was so affordable. I want to do an insight check on that. Go for it. Insight check, okay, that's 22.",Deception
Perception,"While they're talking, Keyleth, you notice, across the way, the dwarf they had spoken to and purchased these two from has packed up his things and looks around, pulls a wand out, does a large circle, and him and his kiosk vanishes. We fit right in. See, there are a lot of pop-up vendors here, guys. Good to know. So if you summon your magical room-- Maybe you'll be more impressive. Makes sense. Can I survey the road in the direction of the embassy. Do we see anything?",Perception
Deception,"cosmos that you haven't had stare you down at this proximity. As it leans forward, the voice once again pierces the center of your brain. ""It would do well to bring them forth."" (French accent) I cannot just communicate with them. Would you join me inside my shop? There you will see many other fine specimens. ""What is your price?"" (French accent) Well, you haven't seen what I have to offer. ""I have seen enough."" (French accent) So you are not interested in the naga, the goristro, the other celestial beings? The orcs?",Deception
Deception,"sorry, sir. I must go deal with this. I don't want to make you wait here. You are clearly a man of respect. ""I will wait."" It stays there, across the way, with its arms crossed, about ten feet from you. (French accent) I will be right back, I promise. I know she is much more powerful than the boys, but we cannot control her. Did she use the magic? All of it, my master! All of the magic! Oh my god. Oh my god! I run into the mansion.",Deception
Deception,"to make you wait here. You are clearly a man of respect. ""I will wait."" It stays there, across the way, with its arms crossed, about ten feet from you. (French accent) I will be right back, I promise. I know she is much more powerful than the boys, but we cannot control her. Did she use the magic? All of it, my master! All of the magic! Oh my god. Oh my god! I run into the mansion. I would like you to make a deception check",Deception
Stealth,"Yeah, if you can! Do whatever you can! All I'm trying to do is get him to stay long enough for you guys to do something. Yeah, get him to come toward the door. He's 15 feet away? Are you inside the mansion? No, I'm outside. I'm in the alleyway. How many feet away am I from him? From him right now? About 35 feet. Is he aware of my presence? You don't know. I'm going to saunter further down the alleyway. This has a 150-foot range. Okay, so you pull even further back? Okay,",Stealth
Athletics,"And in the immortal words of Bob Ross, ""Everybody needs a friend,"" and I want to give him a big fucking bear hug. And I would like to try and grapple him, if I could. Yes. We can totally do that. I can grapple a creature one size larger than myself. That you can. Get these fuckers locked down. DND Bob Ross reference is like Playstation trophies. It's how it's supposed to be, man. Just saying. Your grapple can replace an attack, as we said before. So go ahead and make a strength",Athletics
Athletics,"Let's all leave except for Grog. That replaces an attack? You currently have him grappled with your arm right now. We'll tell your story, Grog. Can I revisit the days of the Crucible and can I try and suplex this motherfucker onto his side? You know what, sure. Why not? I want to! Just to get him prone, also. Yeah, because currently I'd say for the purposes of the grapple, because it takes you all of your strength to do so, you would not be able to attack with your axe while you have him grappled. That wouldn't function. You have him grappled. Go",Athletics
Athletics,"That brings us to the pit fiend. Pit fiend's turn. Let's see here. Let's see here, how can I kill them? Kill them all at once. Kill them one at a time. Kill them in an embarrassing way. Don't. No. Leave the book out. There's a rule that says you can't look at the book once your turn has started. Cut the feed. Cut the feed! Silly grapple. Okay. Don't move. He can't see us if we don't move. Even with disadvantage, that is an athletics",Athletics
Athletics,"This is the least amount of d20s that she's ever had in that tray. I have four ones that are, right now, in jail. Second attack is a 29. 29 hits, yeah. Even with the three-quarters cover. Great, cool, tight, awesome! 20. All right, 20 points of damage. Nice. Looking pretty rough? You can barely see him. And then, for Trinket's action, can he run up after Grog on the roof? Can he try to scramble up? Trinket's full movement, he can get there and start trying to climb. Go ahead and roll an",Athletics
Athletics,"What are the limitations on the boots? It says 15 feet straight up, or 20 feet horizontally. Right, and there's no limitation to the number of times it can be used? Bonus action, that's it. If I fail the DC, I fall prone. Gotcha. Cool. So you could attempt to do it. Cool. Well, go big or go home. I'm going to try and jump towards the tower and grab onto that ornamental fixture that's just above the doorway. Okay, so as you jump and leap, I need you to",Athletics
Persuasion,"Oh, then I'm going to cast Protection from Poison on myself. Wow, as my action. Well, what are you going to do? That cancels out the poison. All right, yeah, so you are no longer poisoned. That is your action. Then I want to, as my bonus action-- By the way, by going unconscious, you lost your Hunter's Mark. Of course I did. As my bonus action, I'm going to take-- I don't know. I have a bag of gems of my own. I'm going to pull out from my thing, and toss it at the efreet, and say, we're more than we look, and we need your help. Hope that it bribes him.",Persuasion
Acrobatics,"29 points of damage. The axe jams and embeds itself into the back. The pit fiend is like (snarling). The voice once again emanates from its telepathic push into your respective brains in the vicinity. ""You have angered the city guard. You have no victory now."" Well, I'm not going to do any good up here. I still have my movement, right? I'm going to try some stupid shit. Since the axe is in his back, can I Indiana Jones down to the ground? (singing Indiana Jones theme song) Just, (yelling) trying to get down to the ground or underneath him. I may hit the ground, but maybe it will be slowed by the--?",Athletics
Acrobatics,"have no victory now."" Well, I'm not going to do any good up here. I still have my movement, right? I'm going to try some stupid shit. Since the axe is in his back, can I Indiana Jones down to the ground? (singing Indiana Jones theme song) Just, (yelling) trying to get down to the ground or underneath him. I may hit the ground, but maybe it will be slowed by the--? I need you to roll an acrobatics check to land this. I understand. You are heavy, and the chain itself is going to come loose as you come down, so roll an",Acrobatics
Deception,"I'm going to, yeah, I'm going to hold off on that for a little bit. Loot Crate! I'm so horrified by this entire-- I'm going to take another shot at him, straight, with sharpshooter. Nope, that goes really, really poorly. That misfires, and I take, ooh, yeah, no. This may work. Okay. I take six points of psychic damage. So I take six points of psychic damage, and I scream, they're mad, I'm mad, we're all mad! It's driving us mad! Help us! Help us all! And I scream, holding my head and running into the door. Seeing if I can fake out the djinn to thinking that maybe things are a little complicated.",Deception
Deception,"turns to ash across the top of that. This time, as it's snarling toward you, the voice in your head saying, ""I will find you!"" the blade (stabbing) right through its chest. (gasping) Its jaw hangs open as you say that. Its eyes go dark, and the body burns into ash and dissipates. I drop to my knees, start crying, and say, I'm so amazing! I never knew! I have the power! The power of Greyskull! All right, so I'll-- shit. That's it! Oh shit, so, there's a guy. There's a guard, right? Oh, shit. I can't do anything to him. So I'll just yell at him, he was an assassin, sent to kill the Sultan!",Deception
Deception,"it's snarling toward you, the voice in your head saying, ""I will find you!"" the blade (stabbing) right through its chest. (gasping) Its jaw hangs open as you say that. Its eyes go dark, and the body burns into ash and dissipates. I drop to my knees, start crying, and say, I'm so amazing! I never knew! I have the power! The power of Greyskull! All right, so I'll-- shit. That's it! Oh shit, so, there's a guy. There's a guard, right? Oh, shit. I can't do anything to him. So I'll just yell at him, he was an assassin, sent to kill the Sultan! Make a deception check.",Deception
Deception,"Can I poke my head out the mansion and see who's still outside? Yeah, as you poke your head out, you can see there is a singular efreet that is standing on the edge there, that is, flame in his hand, crackling, staring at Scanlan, but in a reserved position. You see about five of them rounding the corner towards the Arches. I look around. Is Scanlan still outside? Scanlan is still outside. Scanlan's off in the corner. You see him. Pardon me, Master Australia. The slaves need hosing down. And I retreat inside the doorway.",Deception
Insight,"(laughter) ""Here. I want you to take this and do me a favor. This will consider our debt cleared, yes?"" What is it? ""This box contains the ashes of my late wife Zaafin. I've kept them for years and had been ""intending to make a trip to Vasselheim and bury it beneath the Birthheart in the Abundant Terrace ""where she once lived, toiled as a girl. I would hope that you do this, and I will consider our ""pact complete."" That's it? What a nice, sweet man! I think we misjudged him. It would be an honor.",Insight
Insight,"""intending to make a trip to Vasselheim and bury it beneath the Birthheart in the Abundant Terrace ""where she once lived, toiled as a girl. I would hope that you do this, and I will consider our ""pact complete."" That's it? What a nice, sweet man! I think we misjudged him. It would be an honor. Can I roll an insight check? (laughs) Sure, go ahead. It's not like it's going to help. Just to see. No, not a natural 20. This is your night, Laura. This is not my night.",Insight
Insight,"Can I roll an insight check? Sure. I like him. ""Sure."" Better be a 40 or higher. 18. 18. He's hard to read. By his nature, everything is even-keeled and strange. You can't keep rolling insight until somebody gets a ridiculous number! Well, I can, because it was a four. Good. Great. Is this the size of the ashes, the box? I'd say, it's about eight inches by eight inches, and about maybe four inches high.",Insight
Perception,"I want to see up and over the wall and see what's going on on the inside. Okay. So you fly up and head up over the front wall. I don't want to go in, I just want to look. Right. So you fly up and get a vantage point to see what's going on over the wall. Yes. You're going to get seen. As you crest up in the air, you notice that there are a number of soldiers currently battling possibly a hundred or more lizard men that have swarmed into the fort, as well as a number of--",Stealth
Perception,"groups of lizardmen battling various soldiers, some of them still screaming and the sound of lizard-like battle cries as they charge in, slamming weapon against weapon, shield against face. This is an actual small-scale war happening inside here. It's hard to tell which side is winning. A lot of the soldiers are better-trained, but occasionally you watch as a wyvern swoops down and picks up a soldier and throws them off the side, and slams into the ground, no longer moving. Do we see anyone we know? Where's Elle? Do we see Allura?",Perception
Stealth,"as you guys storm in and start making noise, making your presence know, a number of them who are waiting for a way to pierce in and get their weapons into the last of these soldiers that are fighting off, as best they can, the last stand they have here at the outside of Fort Daxio, some of them turn over their shoulders and see you and start rushing in. You guys, with ranged weapons, you go first. Go ahead and roll attacks on this. I get advantage because the wyverns don't see me, right? The wyverns have not seen you. Okay.",Stealth
Perception,"How far is he from us at this point? At this point, he's-- Is it sneak attack? He did not see you, so yes. What are you restraining? The thing on top. Hopefully he doesn't have a hold of the reins, so-- Now I've lost track. 28 damage plus the 16 from the Bramble Shot. Gotcha. As you reach out and fire the arrow, you watch him glance over the wall. His eyes go wide as the arrow (impact) pierces his chest and sprouts into 20 to 25 tiny bramble-like vines that wrap around him and wrap around his body as he gets pushed back and falls off the back of the",Perception
Arcana,"I heal him 30 points with my last... Okay. You find on Xanthas-- you find 1,098 gold pieces. I'll take that. You find a potion of superior healing that he didn't have a chance to use. And there appears to be a wand that is shattered. Take it. I'm taking it, of course I'm taking it. It looks like it has broken, and there's a little bit of a burn mark on the wood the wand was crafted from. Okay. I inspect it. It doesn't do anything when I inspect it.",Investigation
Nature,"that's a 17. That was on Animus. And then Bad News, which is slightly easier to fix, does not fix. Bad News. Bad News is broken. Yeah. Bad News, you're going to need supplies to fix. Yeah, I'm going to need to sit there with some money and spend some time with it. Okay. Hey, Mom? I cleaned the dishes. Did we loot the giant? Yes, the giant was looted. You're trying to carve something out of the ember-roc?",Nature
Nature,"News, which is slightly easier to fix, does not fix. Bad News. Bad News is broken. Yeah. Bad News, you're going to need supplies to fix. Yeah, I'm going to need to sit there with some money and spend some time with it. Okay. Hey, Mom? I cleaned the dishes. Did we loot the giant? Yes, the giant was looted. You're trying to carve something out of the ember-roc? Yes I am. Nature check?",Nature
Persuasion,"mist absorbs into the body. All of a sudden the jaw opens. Air fills its chest and the head leans up, the eyes still staring off into the distance, but it seems to be addressing you, Pike. Okay, so I'm going to walk over to him, and I'm going to put my hand on his face, and I'm going to say, my friend, I am so sorry that you've fallen in battle, but I had to bring you back to ask you some questions. I just got so nervous. (laughter) Where's the beef? So we know that you've been working with Thordak and I have some questions. Has Thordak had a visit from Raishan?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"jaw opens. Air fills its chest and the head leans up, the eyes still staring off into the distance, but it seems to be addressing you, Pike. Okay, so I'm going to walk over to him, and I'm going to put my hand on his face, and I'm going to say, my friend, I am so sorry that you've fallen in battle, but I had to bring you back to ask you some questions. I just got so nervous. (laughter) Where's the beef? So we know that you've been working with Thordak and I have some questions. Has Thordak had a visit from Raishan? Make a persuasion check.",Persuasion
Insight,"were? How did he find Fort Daxio? Well he speaks to his crystals. But we don't know, like-- Well, some dickhead ratted us out. Who? I just have a couple, or four more questions for you? (laughter) And then I will let you go in peace. How did you know that we were at Fort Daxio? ""Naught but two days before, maybe less, a scouting party left Emon. Saw activity at the ""fort. And when they checked, they saw you. And you were marked.""",Investigation
Insight,"Well he speaks to his crystals. But we don't know, like-- Well, some dickhead ratted us out. Who? I just have a couple, or four more questions for you? (laughter) And then I will let you go in peace. How did you know that we were at Fort Daxio? ""Naught but two days before, maybe less, a scouting party left Emon. Saw activity at the ""fort. And when they checked, they saw you. And you were marked."" Can you insight check a dead person?",Insight
Perception,"scouting party left Emon. Saw activity at the ""fort. And when they checked, they saw you. And you were marked."" Can you insight check a dead person? Yeah, can we insight check him? Sure. Vox Machina, I'm assuming, considering you left our-- You get the sense that might be what he's referring to, and you get the sense that long ago when you guys were high up on the broom looking out towards Emon, you missed seeing something that was possibly-- I remember that, we didn't roll high enough",Insight
Insight,"Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Ask that. Who still in the city resists-- I have one job! I feel so-- (laughter) Can you understand a word coming out of my mouth? Computer! Who still in the city resists Thordak? ""There are a few groups. But beneath the city the resistance builds. We've tried to smoke ""them out but they keep moving."" (whispers) So the Clasp is still resisting. Could be.",Insight
Insight,"We have one more question, but is there anything else? Anything else? Allies? Like, who does Thordak trust the most? Or what does Thordak fear? Yeah, yeah. I like that one. Probably, probably. What about Greyskull Keep? Because there was a tunnel from Greyskull Keep into the city. He might not know about that. Is there anything or anyone that Thordak fears the most? ""Thordak has no fear. Thordak rules all.""",Insight
Insight,"Yeah, yeah. I like that one. Probably, probably. What about Greyskull Keep? Because there was a tunnel from Greyskull Keep into the city. He might not know about that. Is there anything or anyone that Thordak fears the most? ""Thordak has no fear. Thordak rules all."" Insight check. One. (laughter) Two. Wait wait wait.",Insight
Insight,"Keep into the city. He might not know about that. Is there anything or anyone that Thordak fears the most? ""Thordak has no fear. Thordak rules all."" Insight check. One. (laughter) Two. Wait wait wait. You can't all make insight checks to cover for the last person failing. Four.",Insight
Insight,"Cloudtop, we can battle it there, draw it from its ""lair. Force it to possibly rescind within, and have our final battle there. Or, if luck is with ""us, finish it on the streets itself, and discover whatever it is it's keeping while it lies dead and ""burning in the street."" You say ""we""? You'll fight alongside us? ""What have I to gain by watching you do this yourself?"" I imagine whatever he's building. What is he building, do you know? ""I have no idea. He lets nothing within his sanctum.""",Insight
Insight,"""lair. Force it to possibly rescind within, and have our final battle there. Or, if luck is with ""us, finish it on the streets itself, and discover whatever it is it's keeping while it lies dead and ""burning in the street."" You say ""we""? You'll fight alongside us? ""What have I to gain by watching you do this yourself?"" I imagine whatever he's building. What is he building, do you know? ""I have no idea. He lets nothing within his sanctum."" Insight check!",Insight
Perception,"before. It's sad, but hopeful at the same time. As your vision swivels over to the tree, there in the temple, while contained here for as long as it's been, it seems to be healthy. Looking in the vicinity, most everything seems in place. Do the trees look overgrown? Do the plants look overgrown? As much as being away for the handful of months that you have been. They look like they haven't been trimmed or tended to recently. And the temple is intact? It looks like the keep is still intact from where we rebuilt it? Correct. It has not fallen. Do I sense any movement?",Perception
Investigation,"I'm hitting the wall constantly over here. I can't scooch any more! You don't have any guests over there. We got it! You comfortable over there? You got enough room, Sam? We're working on getting a bigger cup. There's no swiveling. I'm going to give a seat just to my cup, because we have the space here to do it. We're turning into one person. The twinsies will finally be conjoined. Sorry. Scanlan, you are off looking for Jarett. Go",Investigation
Insight,"know that we can trust her, I just want you to keep your eyes on her. While you were gone, I tried as hard as I could to glean anything from her, and the closer I thought I got-- I found out that I knew nothing about her. And she knows everything about me. She knows everything about all of us, dear. Don't trust her. Not even for a minute. Don't trust her. If it comes to it, I'll go down taking her out. I'd rather you didn't. So would I.",Insight
Insight,"her, and the closer I thought I got-- I found out that I knew nothing about her. And she knows everything about me. She knows everything about all of us, dear. Don't trust her. Not even for a minute. Don't trust her. If it comes to it, I'll go down taking her out. I'd rather you didn't. So would I. I have to do it, I have to insight check Zahra to make sure she's really Zahra! Oh shit.",Insight
Perception,"sure nobody is giving too much away. You manage to go unnoticed-- (coughing) Sorry, I so inhaled my spit, keep going. Don't do that. That's bad. Make a breathing saving throw. (coughing) I'm still dying for a second. Go on, guys. I rolled double ones. (wheezing) You guys make your way to Greyskull Keep, front door's open. Like, partially ajar. Not locked. I move in, forward. Okay, you head inside first. I'm going to poke my head in first.",Investigation
Investigation,"(coughing) I'm still dying for a second. Go on, guys. I rolled double ones. (wheezing) You guys make your way to Greyskull Keep, front door's open. Like, partially ajar. Not locked. I move in, forward. Okay, you head inside first. I'm going to poke my head in first. Make a perception check. 27. You take a moment and look around, listen carefully. No sound. So far so good. I'm going to move further in. And continue to-- I'm going to check for traps.",Investigation
Arcana,"keep, you can see signs that it has been lived in. People have been rummaging through, there is no sign of any food whatsoever in the keep anymore, there are a number of bowls and anything of any remote value has either been taken or is left used and unwashed. But after doing a quick scan, there is no one inside Greyskull Keep. Apparently-- Like, the whole place? Yeah. So all the way up the stairs, to our bedrooms, to his laboratory, all that's clear? All of it's empty, but a lot of things have been taken. Can I go in the kitchen and just sort of",Arcana
Investigation,"Yeah, that you will. Try it on the day. Is this your castle? Yeah, this is our house. This is our keep. It's a keep, not a castle. This is lovely. It's a little cold. But it's seen better days. But the bones are good. Lot of space. It's a fixer-upper. Good location. I'm going downstairs to the entrance, and I'm going to check it out. And use Divine Sense at the entrance.",Investigation
Perception,"and down in a little single file. Eating mayonnaise out of a jar. Kash, pass the trail mix. Pass it all the way back. I smell a new sponsor! Mayonnaise? You guys eventually find your way towards the end of the tunnel that leads to the ladder that leads you into the alleyway on the outskirts of the southern edge of Emon. You make your way up-- Well, it leads you through an outhouse, an alley. You've been here before. I'm gonna, yes, I'm gonna peek through the pooper first. Let's see what I see.",Perception
Perception,"We'll look out for you, darling, we will. Thank you for coming and helping us. Thank you. And for being such a badass! (grunts) ""Smells weird."" Kiss him on his-- It's cold. It's damp. I love him. You guys continue up the sewer system. It's been a dry spell for a month, at least. It hasn't rained in the past couple of weeks. It rains fairly often here, so the system itself doesn't have a lot of drainage going through. That'll change soon, I'm sure. I'm 40 feet ahead the whole time.",Perception
Perception,"22. Okay. About ten more minutes into travel, you're starting to get fairly close to game time, when things begin. You do hear some whispers up ahead. Hold on. Vex. It sounds like four different voices are all conversing. I creep up next to him. In one location? A little ways ahead, out of sight. You're not sure of the source  it's echoing from ahead. Listen with me. What are they saying?",Perception
Persuasion,"Remastered! You made it funny again! She's in the game. Are you invisible? Yeah, we're still invisible. We're friends of Garthak. Garthok? Garthok. You're invisible, and you're far back. Also, all the figures that were stopped are slowly crawling in your direction. And one of them goes, ""It's lizardmen. Turn away."" It's not lizardmen. Magic. It's a ruse.",Persuasion
Perception,"He also kind of hates us, I think. Don't care. The, mm... Double one, man. Okay. Okay. Yeah. No, they're still running. They're still running. We're still running after them. Okay. You guys follow them for the next ten minutes or so, and you're roughly ten minutes from sundown, game time, before you hear a door slam ahead of you. I want to move to that door. I immediately stop and start looking behind me. Does this look like we just ran into a trap?",Investigation
Persuasion,"trapped. Scanlan. Will you come up here, please? I've got my hand on my earlobe for a fucking reason. I'm here, what do you need? I need you to talk us into this fucking doorway. For what, are we still trying to get this Clasp? Ten minutes has gone by. All right, great. Talk to the fuckers on the other side of this door. You can talk to anybody. I knock, knock, knock on the door. And I say, oi, I know you can hear me in there. Sorry for the scare. We're friends, and we're here to help you get a lot of gold.",Persuasion
Deception,"I think 12-ish? Ten, ten? Some are animals, some are invisible. Six to 12. ""We stand 30 strong in this room, crossbows drawn. Make no mistakes, we will be watching you. ""One false move, you'll all have a bolt in the back of the skull. Walk with us, we'll see if what you ""say is true."" I use Thieves' Cant to knock out the phrase, ""No bullshit,"" on the door. You see his chin move and grind for a moment. I did that with my penis. (laughter)",Deception
Perception,"Is there a grate ahead of us? Can I see the sky? There is, but it doesn't-- it looks partially off. 33. 34. Both of you guys, in a networked-twin-type near-ballet in its execution, darting up in tandem, both using each other to push off as you hit each edge, you make your way to the very top in this crisscross fashion, then one of you gets up just in time to hit the grate as the other one hits the other side, sending it onto the ground outside.",Perception
Perception,"tandem, both using each other to push off as you hit each edge, you make your way to the very top in this crisscross fashion, then one of you gets up just in time to hit the grate as the other one hits the other side, sending it onto the ground outside. Perception check. For anything nearby. By the way, I was totally going to say I was putting Trinket back in the necklace before you started saying all that, I was just-- It went into it right away. Okay. Not a worry. Trinket is in the necklace. 29.",Athletics
Stealth,"I put on Gloves of Climbing to climb up the thing. Spiderwalk. Kash just stands with his back to them, guarding them as they're going up the wall, spear at the ready. Okay. Are you brooming it? I'm holding onto the broom. Okay. You guys go up there. I drop the rope down so Grog and Pike and everybody else can go up. Easy enough. You all eventually get your way up to the top and duck in an alley. I need you",Athletics
Perception,"Okay, do I get three attacks-- oh, no, no, no, I'm not clicking the boots yet. 21. So 21 hits? 21 hits, yeah. Augh, what's happening?! Okay, so the first one was-- All the dice, all the dice. So, 15 for the first hit. 22 for the second. 36 for my first, and eight for my second. And just keep running. And keep running, okay. All right, so you guys lob those attacks as you're rushing past, you guys see-- actually, both of you guys roll",Acrobatics
Perception,"other wyverns get cut down from the edges of the ship, slamming into the ground near you. Their arms curl up, and the wings fall limply to the side. You also hear a slamming sound as from a nearby wall, you watch as a fire giant that has climbed over the edge of the wall. Why would you bring more things onto the battlefield?! It charges into the fray, this way. Wait, over what wall, over what wall? On the outside of the side of the Cloudtop. Is this one of the fire giants we've seen? Yeah, is this one that Zahra and Kash were guarding?",Perception
Acrobatics,"Why is this good? A dark hole? Vax, be careful! We don't care about the tunnel, huh? (laughter) You need to go ahead and roll a strength saving throw to try and maintain grip as the dragon goes into a full dive. I'll use my last Luck. So it's a 15. 15. You do manage to make it inside the tunnel, but you lose your grip and then go into a full tumble, hitting the ground. It's a decline, it's a 45-degree angle downward. So I'm in there with him.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"saying your phrase, your eyes narrow and you clench your teeth, and as you pull back and yank, there's this strange series of low whispers that come into your ears, and as you pull back, you watch as these bits of greyish energy begin to pour out of the air, coalescing around the blade, fitting into the body where you're currently plunged within. As you yank outward, you watch as the blade almost has an extended edge about ten, 15 feet beyond Whisper's actual-- and this blade edge just leaves a giant wound on the side of Thordak's body. You don't even hear an exclamation of pain as Thordak just slowly slams into the ground of this low, barely glowing tunnel. Roll an",Acrobatics
Perception,"Do you want to move Bigby's Hand? Yeah, for the rest of the one minute it works for. Which is not very long? Nah. If she makes her way out, that means we're all dead. Come on in. It'll be fun. Let's all die together. We'll go to the spa afterwards. So you guys kind of rush into this chamber now, and the heat in here is more immense than anything you felt on the surface. This is kind of the core of the volcanic surge that Thordak's presence was pulling upward. You see within, there's this flow of lava. I want the three of you",Perception
Perception,"further away from Keyleth, that'd be clutch. Okay. I mean, I don't know if it'd be clutch, but it would be helpful. Can I look up, and see if I can see like, dust coming down from any of the holes, to see if Raishan is moving around in the holes on the ceiling--",Perception
Perception,"Okay. Right there. That'll do. So, that'll be your turn. There's still a bonus action if you have any use for it, so. I don't really have-- Mostly I just want to use my bonus action to take in everything and look around and have a-- have a good, good serious look. In fact, I'll even",Stealth
Perception,"you haven't moved yet. You just pulled it down in that one moment. I am going to head towards the egg that got cracked open that's in the center there. Over there? Yeah. Okay. You can go all the way over to it. Can I do a bonus action to like, examine? I mean, you can make a",Perception
Perception,"Over there? Yeah. Okay. You can go all the way over to it. Can I do a bonus action to like, examine? I mean, you can make a perception check and look at it. If you want to rummage through it, that'll probably take your action. Okay, I'll do just a",Perception
Performance,"(applause, laughing) Alright, so I'm gonna do Lightning Bolt. Goddammit! (laughter) I will-- I assume that Scanlan feels strange with a brass flute touching his lips, because he's never played one before. This is true. But does it still come out just as beautiful and pure as always?",Performance
Athletics,"I can heal people if I get up. Okay, it doesn't matter. Can I kinda jump and make my way over like, this kind of... Fuck. This-- can I cross this tinier lava right there? Kind of like, or is that a pretty far jump? I mean, you have to still jump. So you have to make",Athletics
Athletics,"this kind of... Fuck. This-- can I cross this tinier lava right there? Kind of like, or is that a pretty far jump? I mean, you have to still jump. So you have to make an athletics check. How far of a jump is that? It's about six, seven feet.",Athletics
Investigation,"little passage around? Do I have just enough kinda to where I can-- where the barrier is I can kind of carve a little corridor around? Around or under? It would be very tiny and you'd have to crawl through to create enough-- Cause you're not quite sure how thick the barrier is, so you have to be-- have to roll an",Investigation
Perception,"guys go up there? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Everyone else staying down? Yep. -(Same) Yeah. Okay, while you guys are waiting, the two of you rush up to the surface. The outside of the opening to Thordak's lair. Both of you guys",Insight
Medicine,"a personal crisis. Great timing! ♪ I'll do anything for Suude ♪♪ Only eight. That's the end of his turn. Yes, that was his turn. -Yeah. Fair. But I've got a Cure Wounds potion I can-- a Cure Wounds spell I can use. But what'd you roll",Medicine
Medicine,"a Cure Wounds spell I can use. But what'd you roll your medicine check? Eight. Eight. Not great, like, is he gushing blood? No, there is no blood from his wounds. (sniffing) Do I know what that smell is? What'd you roll for",Medicine
Nature,"Like 6. Okay, okay. So you're not sure exactly what happened. You do smell this strange kind of herbal, almost like an incense scent that is centered around his area and he is breathing. But he is not conscious. Pike! Can I check for poison?",Nature
Nature,"So you're not sure exactly what happened. You do smell this strange kind of herbal, almost like an incense scent that is centered around his area and he is breathing. But he is not conscious. Pike! Can I check for poison? Can I do a nature check to see if I recognize the scent?",Nature
Investigation,"Yeah. Yeah, he smoked something out of this. (laughter) Guys. I feel like this was a classic Scanlan. In terms of choices, I don't think anyone did this. I don't understand. I'm gonna start kind of, like, like kinda, can I start seeing if I can find whatever he put in this pipe?",Investigation
Investigation,"think anyone did this. I don't understand. I'm gonna start kind of, like, like kinda, can I start seeing if I can find whatever he put in this pipe? Make an investigation check as you start rummaging through his stuff. Eleven. Alright, you're pulling through pockets. He has a lot more pockets than you'd expect.",Investigation
Investigation,"Cause I'm good at hiding things on my person. Hey, Vex-- Vex, look. I-- I think he did something. I think he-- he tried something. Look and see if you can find what might be-- what he might have put in this pipe. So they're starting to go the rest of his pockets.",Investigation
Insight,"I mean, there was a trap set by Thordak previously to his death that knocked me unconscious? What's in this flute, you piece of shit? What's in the flute? Herbs, give it to me! No, no, no. No, you're too short, you can't even reach. I'm too-- Angry T-Rex. Can I do an",Insight
Deception,"knocked me unconscious? What's in this flute, you piece of shit? What's in the flute? Herbs, give it to me! No, no, no. No, you're too short, you can't even reach. I'm too-- Angry T-Rex. Can I do an insight check on him? Sure. Scanlan, make a",Insight
Perception,"It's a Critical Role sticker. Vinyl sticker. Vinyl sticker. Pardon me while I pull up the actual information that this has. While you're pulling that up, is there anything shiny in the cave that I can walk towards? Cause I'm bored. Oh my God, if I roll poorly",Stealth
Investigation,"prepare yourself for whatever the next stage of your journey is. Grog, you step out into the cavern, now without the red in your eyes that normally calls to combat where your focus is on what you can hurt and kill as soon as possible. Now it's what can loot and keep as soon as possible. And make an",Persuasion
Investigation,"This is the economy of Emon crammed into, at least a majority of it, into a singular cavern. I feel overwhelmed by the sheer amount of stuff. Are there any, like, unique looking knick-knacks or really lovely or dangerous looking weapons that grab my eye? Because it's just a lot of shit. Well, as based on your",Investigation
Investigation,"have in your hand? Uh, I don't know, it looks like a bunch of cards. Can I see them? No, they're mine, I found them. You have all of this stuff to choose from, have at it. What's that tapestry he's talking about? Uh, the tapestry that's bound up? Yeah. Go and make",Investigation
Investigation,"more pages, Matt? You'll find out, you'll find out. Why would you give me that?! (laughing) I was asking the same question. You give me like chastity belts or-- Look, man, the last thing I expected was Grog to be the first to loot for magical items. And roll a decent",Persuasion
Arcana,"him and you guys, trying to hide them and just go thdummp. I pick them up. Does anyone know what these are? Grog just made a sword out of one of these cards. Do we know what this is? They only activate under my magical touch. I'm gonna look at it and just see if I happen to know anything about it.",Arcana
Investigation,"none of it has any luster or shine to you as your singularly focused on finding another one of these deck of cards. You are throwing handfuls of platinum over your shoulder. Garbage. Rubbish, filth. (laughing) Life has no luster to it anymore. You wretched... All right, so continuing off of",Perception
Arcana,"Vex, does it look like our old carpet? I mean, it looks similar, it's a bit bigger. Does it looks like they were maybe in the same family? Definitely, Keyleth. Yeah? Hey, look at these boots, I throw them down to you. They look kind of Druidish. They do look Druidish. Do they look Druidish?",Arcana
Investigation,"Is there room for your broom on your carpet? Yes. I'm gonna run on up there and get a vantage point 'cause I still have some spider walk-- You do, yeah. Hop on over, Perc. So you watch as Percy kind of walks upside down from on the cavern and kind of gets a similar perspective as you. Make an",Investigation
Investigation,"Whitestone and then scry? Well, we won't need to if we're there. Yeah. Just find out if it's all right. Let's crawl upstairs. Let's keep some people on this, Kima, and we'll crawl upstairs. I can try to scry on Rai-- Did I find a little, like a scale of hers, by the way? Glancing about, uh...",Investigation
History,"In this area, if you find out who was doing terrible things-- 'cause you said cages, right? Yes. Nothing good comes from cages. So whoever was doing terrible things in that area-- Maybe a necromancer of some sort? Well, if she stole a dead dragon... Hm, all right. Can I make a lore roll for Booky McBookerson?",History
History,"I carry power in my bloodline."" What power? He looks back, 'cause there's people kind of in the vicinity, and he-- Just mouth it, I can read lips. He kinda goes, ""I'm what they refer to as a runechild. What does that, what does that mean? You don't know. I know, what does it mean?",History
Insight,"so early in the morning, but this is good news. And to be perfectly honest, the last few times the guards have summoned me with your arrival, they've been with a bit of a scare. So, um, it's an absolute pleasure to make your acquaintance, Ker, you are welcome here. Any friends of my friends are a friend of mine.""",Insight
Insight,"the last few times the guards have summoned me with your arrival, they've been with a bit of a scare. So, um, it's an absolute pleasure to make your acquaintance, Ker, you are welcome here. Any friends of my friends are a friend of mine."" Can we roll an insight check to see if it's really her? Sure.",Insight
Arcana,"it's been a few weeks. We've got time. Is there another one? No. The ambassador to the Nine Hells was in the City of Brass, and we killed him, and he's gonna hate us. Wait, he can come back? I think so! Hotis, oh, yeah. Well, we can't do anything about that.",Insight
Religion,"""It was fiercely guarded, and at the time, our focus was more to banish the creature as opposed to trying to walk into the center of its home, and none of us would be alive. That would be a place to look."" Thank you. Um, from the religion angle, do I know anything about Opash? Like necromancer working against the natural order?",Religion
Perception,"What is it, sand keg, sand... Bug juice. Yeah, that stuff. (cross talk) I take the bottle, and I put my thumb over it and pretend like I'm drinking--go-- Sleight-of-hand. That's great, sure. Sure, sure, sure. That is a 26. For the hell of it, Kerrek, go ahead and roll--",Investigation
Stealth,"I... no, though the similarity is notable. (laughter) I noticed you haven't actually given me the boots back, and I just wanted to remind you-- Oh my god, let me find the fucking piece of paper. Jeez. It's very important. I'm also going-- oh, you go. Also, these boots may be good for our wonderful cleric. These are Boots of Elvenkind. While you wear these boots, your steps make no sound, regardless of the surface you are moving across. You also have advantage on dexterity",Stealth
Perception,"We should just go. I think we should, too. Oh, jeez! I'm so nervous. I know. I'm not. I'm feeling strangely positive. -2, playas. Would you put that piece of wood down, please? He's eating wood again. We need to get him another salt lick. I do miss my salt lick rock. Can I keep an eye out as we walk around for another salt lick rock?",Investigation
Investigation,"green jungle on the outside, and the further in you go, you watch as the trees have all withered black. A little ways over the treeline, you can see maybe a quarter-mile off what looks to be the top of the mountain that a brief instant of your first vision in your Scry spell lent you towards. Does it look like the blight of the trees is getting more concentrated the closer to the top of the mountain? It looks like it's a radial effect from the actual mountain, yes. Does it look like fire damage or something else? You want to go ahead and take a look? Make an",Investigation
Nature,"Restoration? For your-- No, his bladder infection's fine. Okay. It can keep. It takes a Wish spell to get rid of that, unfortunately. He's been in every brothel in Tal'Dorei, it's to be expected. (laughter) Not ashamed. He and Scanlan both. Did he find anything out? Did you find anything out? No, he didn't find anything.",Nature
Stealth,"it's to be expected. (laughter) Not ashamed. He and Scanlan both. Did he find anything out? Did you find anything out? No, he didn't find anything. Can I do a nature check? Sure, go for it. These trees aren't alive. Fancy that. That's good. 21. Okay. As you guys begin to walk through-- it's not a very dense jungle. We want to keep quiet as we do it.",Investigation
Investigation,"process of trying to recover, some of that information. So these trees have been dead for hundreds of years. Hundreds of years, yes. All right. So the scarring does not seem recent. And there's no new scarring. There does not appear to be any new scarring that you can tell based on what you've seen so far. That's very good. Do I see any sign of tracks or anything? Dragon tracks?",Investigation
Investigation,"""The gem we created. Me, Kima, Drake. As far as we know, if any of her stories can be believed, ""Raishan was responsible for the rituals that embedded it within Thordak's chest on the ""Plane of Fire during her time with the Fire Ashari. Once again, as much as we can believe."" There's just a lot we don't know. ""Let us be careful. Press on."" Tread carefully. Just keep an eye out. We're keeping eyes out for anything that looks different than normal jungle-ness. You and I head out 20 feet ahead of everybody and check for traps as we go. Carefully.",Investigation
Nature,"The kind that would kill us all. Like the kind that gives you a really bad headache. I really don't want another one of those. Similar sort of thing. Continue. Now that you've identified that, you've come across a few more patches, and they seem to grow more dense as the trees grow more withered and gone, until you get to a point where you can now see the base of this mountain. Can I from a distance maybe do a nature check? Are these almost like siphons, like wells where he was sucking the life force?",Nature
Perception,"Okay, so there's no pattern to it. Yeah, and it isn't like there are were leaves or anything blown off of them. It just looked like they gradually just died rapidly in place. Seems like the closer we get, the deader it gets. Can we see the mountain that we're getting towards? Yes, you can, and you guys maneuver around these spaces to get to the base of it, and it's a moderate-sized mountain, nothing impressive on the outside, it's maybe 600 feet tall at its apex, it's more of a large, rocky mound. Make a",Perception
Perception,"A little pouch that's the shape of the deck of cards. How do you make the pouch the shape of cards? It's maybe not that good of a pouch, but it's Grog. Make a sleight-of-hand check with disadvantage. Okay. Aw, man. Yeah, everybody saw through it immediately, just so you know. Well, obviously! But it's Grog. That's really bad. He's gonna be able to tell. Nine?",Perception
Perception,"and the stone are both thicker than five feet. You can begin to make a slight passageway. You can create enough of a crack with your spell, as it completes, which, mark off your 4th-level spell, but as you create it, you do manage to pierce, and you can look into the darkness of the tunnel behind, but through the full use of the spell, you create this kind of tunnel intrusion into the side of this mountain, and you only get that much of opening. Son of a bitch. No, this is an excellent start. All right. In spelunker-Keyleth mode, I'm looking through the hole with my Darkvision.",Athletics
Investigation,"Why? There's not enough to cover me. But Scanlan could do it or Pike could do it and could walk through the rock. And then do what? Look around, see if there's anything to-- I don't know. I prefaced it with saying it was a shitty idea, and I spoke to the brain to see if he could come up with something better. We looked for a switch, right? It's a giant rock. It's a boulder. With handholds on it. It's Fortress of Solitude. Can I look for a switch?",Stealth
Stealth,"rock walls of the pathway are rough, but appear to have been intentionally carved for a purpose more than any sort of presentational element of it. There's no wind, there's no movement of air. Everything in here has been, at least in this portion of it, still and untouched for quite some time. As you guys push forward through this tunnel, to where it begins to make its slow descent-- Stealth. You guys? All right. Checking, checking, checking. 24. Oh, this is investigation. I thought you were stealthing.",Stealth
Investigation,"have been intentionally carved for a purpose more than any sort of presentational element of it. There's no wind, there's no movement of air. Everything in here has been, at least in this portion of it, still and untouched for quite some time. As you guys push forward through this tunnel, to where it begins to make its slow descent-- Stealth. You guys? All right. Checking, checking, checking. 24. Oh, this is investigation. I thought you were stealthing. Oh, was that a stealth roll or an",Stealth
Stealth,"time. As you guys push forward through this tunnel, to where it begins to make its slow descent-- Stealth. You guys? All right. Checking, checking, checking. 24. Oh, this is investigation. I thought you were stealthing. Oh, was that a stealth roll or an investigation roll? That was investigation, right? That was investigation. 24? Dogshit. 11. Okay. We'll have to make-- we'll say, make",Stealth
Stealth,"It's less than a mile down, I know. It kind of rushes past you really fast, it's a little disorienting. Okay. No traps? No traps at the moment, no. Should we all stealth? These are just here so that people step on them and it makes noise? It's a theory. We already stealthed. I thought we had to reroll stealth. Oh, I did. Can I do a-- this is some CSI shit. You guys are going stealth, right? All",Stealth
Nature,"30 total. 28. 25 for Pike. No, sorry. Oh, 30. 18 for Scanlan. 29 for me. Great, awesome. All right, so, as you guys continue progressing down this curving tunnel, it goes into a very, very mild descent. Can I do-- I wanna do a quick check. This is some Bones-type shit. Can I see if these bones were charred recently, or once again, if these bones have been there for a long time? I know this is some weird carbon-dating shit.",Nature
Perception,"a little light to make out fine details or things at a distance, but it does help you at least make out the basic shapes and things ahead of you. You see what appear to be small shelves or alcoves that are now beginning to show up every 20 or so feet as you progress down. Little bits of rock that jut out that look like they were either bolted in or crafted on top of it, and you see small, little cubbies, almost, little alcoves that are put into the rock as well. Hold your little dagger up to it, I want to see what it is. You're sure? Yeah.",Perception
Investigation,"Yeah, right now I am. Okay. As you glance past, another perception check. Hey, Grog. So I have this flying carpet... 22. 22. Okay. You can see on the left shelf appears to be a humanoid skull that's up on top, next to two more candles, one of them more melted than the other, but the wax drips past. There's a shelf across the way on the opposite side that appears to have a couple of small books that are put off to the side, and what looks like a small wooden box. Is the box trapped?",Investigation
Religion,"No, it looks kind of dust-covered. You can see what looks to be-- the bone itself appears to have a hint of blackened soot, or some sort of a darker color to it, like it's been slightly singed. Candles look like candles? Candles look like mostly melted candles. Kerr, I hate to rain on your parade, but I only see two candles and a human skull up here. Partial undead thing... do I know, again, obviously nothing is trying to eat our faces off here, but can you turn an undead thing into just like a watcher or a trap or a spy or a trigger? Make an intelligence check, or make a",Religion
Religion,"No, it looks kind of dust-covered. You can see what looks to be-- the bone itself appears to have a hint of blackened soot, or some sort of a darker color to it, like it's been slightly singed. Candles look like candles? Candles look like mostly melted candles. Kerr, I hate to rain on your parade, but I only see two candles and a human skull up here. Partial undead thing... do I know, again, obviously nothing is trying to eat our faces off here, but can you turn an undead thing into just like a watcher or a trap or a spy or a trigger? Make an intelligence check, or make a",Religion
Perception,"Oh man, we should totally invest in those little pantyhose eggs. Delta lambda again, sneaking in, aw. Every time! I don't know enough about that to say that correctly, either. Continuing onward, into the next length of the tunnel, about another 50 feet or so, there is-- the room opens up, and you can see that stonework eventually takes the entire floor, and the chamber opens up into what looks to be almost like a hexagonal-shaped chamber that ends at a large iron door. It fills the entirety of the chamber, and it seals off any progression from",Perception
Perception,"for a second? I'm holding. You have a tiny bit of candlelight. You can see about ten, 15 feet around Vax. Okay, so I can't see the mechanism on the door. You do not even know there's a door there. Okay, that's fair. For the best, it would just scare me. I mean, would it be helpful if everyone could see? Take a look around. No one else is in this room, yeah? Can the half-elves with Darkvision do a little--",Perception
Perception,"No, you're entering this chamber, then on the opposite side of the room there is a larger door that prevents you from progressing beyond the doorway. In between you and that door, there is that raised platform, the pillar, and the iron bowl, and then to the right and against the wall, there is the brazier and the shelf with the singular tome. Does it look like-- when we entered the chamber, does it look like a door would come down or something when it opened up into the chamber? Right, is there a gap, like a crack that something could slide down out of right above where we are?",Perception
Investigation,"19. Best you can glance here, I mean, it's possible, but this-- It's magic. You don't know. The room itself is ancient, and the construction, there is nothing that appears to be mechanically attached. So if it did, it would be magical. If that was-- Yeah, there's no chain, pulley system visible at all. Where the door hits the seam of the room, it looks very smooth. Can I go look in the bowl, the bowl in the middle of the room, and just look and see if there's a residue of anything in it?",Investigation
Perception,"off the bottom of it on the first side and then as he made his way over, he'd be all right. You know what I mean? I don't know. Vex, Vax, and Keyleth, as you guys are having this conversation, something catches the corner of your eye, and you watch something just go (tss), just whizz past from the bottom of the ravine to the top. We saw that. We saw that. You saw something quickly just go by. Can I get a better look, can I look and see if I see it again? Yeah, the three of you guys make a",Perception
Acrobatics,"Okay, so I wanna get a good look at one of them as they go by. Oh, it's a gif. Six seconds. Three or four more stumble past, and they're getting more and more rapid. And they're different sizes, they do not appear to be the same bodies. I pick up Pike and try to barrel roll across. Okay. Barrel roll across. As you're making it across, three more come tumbling up, two of them too far away, but one of them does reach out with its arms as it tumbles past you, and swats out to try and grab you. I need you to make an",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"suddenly pulled, you're still grappled by this undead zombie-like corpse, and Pike is currently clutching onto the broom as hard as she can as you both impact at the end. With your weight and the creature's weight, I now get to see if the-- Vine holds? Well, not the vine. The vine magically holds. It's the chain that attaches you to the broom. Yeah, okay. So that holds. It goes taut, you're held there. The creature's still clutching you right now. Are my arms restrained? Your arms are held to, yeah. Actually, 'cause you're still held there, I want you to go",Perception
Investigation,"you and starts licking the side of your face. That really seemed very easy. I don't see what the big deal was. (laughter) You want to try again? I know that you're considering it reasonably. Don't put these ideas in his head. So, what are you guys doing? Move forward, I guess. All right, so you push forward-- Check for traps! Check for traps, okay. Thank you. Thank for catching my sister, thank you.",Insight
Perception,"I reach down and I grab a little pebble and toss it towards the fountain. Okay. You toss it towards the fountain, the pebble clinks. And the fountain is empty, it is dry on the inside right now, on each of the lower tiers, because the water that is being poured from this face is trickling upward and hitting the ceiling. It's this steady, constant stream. Pebble. You throw the pebble into the fountain, it just kinda comes to rest. What's on the ceiling? Just flat? It looks to be just a stone ceiling, and the water's just hitting in one particular spot. If",Investigation
Investigation,"I'd like to move along the edge of the room, checking for traps ahead. Okay. So Vax continues forward. 19. Okay. So you coast ahead, keeping an eye out. There are no traps, but you do sense that there is some mechanism involved with this fountain. I'm gonna stop where I am, then. Okay. I'm going to walk up the wall towards, very gingerly, doing my best to check for traps or anything unusual, towards whatever it is that the water's hitting on the ceiling.",Investigation
Investigation,"I'm really hoping someone tells me not to. Probably maybe leave it? Wait half a minute, half a minute. I'm going to edge towards it gently, and I'm actually-- this is going to sound weird-- I'm going to spit at it to see at what range my spit decides to move towards it. Okay. So you spit at it, and your spit still kinda arcs downward, normal gravity, then it hits the water and just gets caught up in the water. Okay, so it's the water itself that's being-- something maybe in the fountain? Can I do an investigation? Can I do a closer look at the fountain?",Perception
Stealth,"something happens. How high is the ceiling? 15 feet. Okay. Hey, Grog. If it comes to that. Don't worry about it. So what's the plan? Scootch forward, to the other side, looking for traps, looking for traps. Okay, you continue to scootch forward. I stay with Grog and Percy. I stand in between. Okay, so you guys stay back there. Okay, Kima and Allura stay back, waiting for you guys to",Stealth
Perception,"I'm waiting for everyone else to-- I'm circling to the other side of the green-- Are we all gathering up at this fork in the road? Yeah, if everyone's gonna cross the room. Okay. So you just move on? Okay. You guys continue and gather at the edge of this fork. You can see a very, very faint bit of light coming from both sides of the fork, just glancing off a distant opposite cave wall. Both have light? Both have a very, very faint bit of a light source. Two of you guys make, since you were up",Perception
Stealth,"a very strong stream, it's just this-- like a small faucet turned on, it's all just trickling upwards, appearing, but that gem being currently blocked seems to have had an effect on the room behind. Good to know. To the right or the left? To the right! Going to the right, but hold on. Same marching order as before? I'm gonna go a little bit ahead, 20 feet ahead, looking for traps. I doubt, but I want to check for traps. Stealth and traps, stealth and traps.",Investigation
Stealth,"female human form, currently poring through books and rummaging through what currently appears to be the relatively untouched necropolis chamber. So, last we left off, the two twins had snuck ahead to take a look and take in the information of this vicinity, while the rest of the party began to slowly approach from behind. As the rest of the party is coming behind, I would like everybody else",Stealth
Stealth,"I put on the ring and I just leave. (all laugh) Just gone. One step. And that's how Bilbo's insurance company started. Just going home. We can start again with a real job. I'm done. 30. 30? Wait, the twins are rolling too? I should've taken that 20 for myself, then. Yeah, I thought you did. You guys are still",Stealth
Perception,"into the air of the room. ""Well, you certainly proved quicker than I anticipated, ""but I unfortunately have business here, and I would kindly ask you all to leave. ""The Conclave has served its purpose, as you have served yours. ""We have nothing more to discuss."" Turns another page of the book and continues facing away. Can I look at the ceiling, every other part of this room except for where she is, to see if she's also somewhere else?",Perception
Stealth,"when you anchor yourself? Still facing away, you see the shoulders shift with a chuckle. ""I would not dare touch such a piece. It is far too dangerous. ""The soul gem is destroyed. It is of no use to me."" While that conversation's going on, I want to bamf Trinket out and send him around the other way. To the left? Around this way? With Grog. Okay, have Trinket",Stealth
Stealth,"""The soul gem is destroyed. It is of no use to me."" While that conversation's going on, I want to bamf Trinket out and send him around the other way. To the left? Around this way? With Grog. Okay, have Trinket roll a stealth check, if you could. Okay. Being a big bear. Come on, Trinket! You're so quiet-- ooh! Trinket rolls a 19.",Stealth
Perception,"Poached. There you go. That one is destroyed. Poached. All right. Does that end your turn? Yeah, I'll stick with it. Okay. Next up is Vex. That's me. I'm going to immediately say over the earring, ""I don't think she's really there,"" and then try to look and see anything, any sign of her that I can spot. Can I see anything?",Perception
Perception,"As it goes splattering to the side of it, you can watch as what looks to be some sort of a very, very young primordial dragon like the ones that you had yanked out of the eggs before that was trying to pull its way out of the egg, slumps lifelessly over the side of the egg you destroyed. Aw. You're terrible, Taliesin. You're so hard-boiled. That's awful. I don't suppose I have time",Perception
Perception,"primordial dragon like the ones that you had yanked out of the eggs before that was trying to pull its way out of the egg, slumps lifelessly over the side of the egg you destroyed. Aw. You're terrible, Taliesin. You're so hard-boiled. That's awful. I don't suppose I have time to run a weird perception check, do I? Really quickly? Do I have a moment",Perception
Investigation,"That's awful. I don't suppose I have time to run a weird perception check, do I? Really quickly? Do I have a moment for a perception check? You've used all your action and your bonus action... I haven't burned any movement, though. What are you looking for? Is that center wall real? This center wall here? This would be",Perception
Athletics,"Oh, they're all toast. But you're welcome to, if you'd like. I want to leap. There's potentially corpses in those cages that could be something. I'm focused on the egg, all right? All right, sorry. I leap toward the eggs. Okay, how far can you leap? 20 feet. All right. And I have to make",Athletics
Perception,"Let's see here. There's two magical columns right there. Those aren't even there at all. Scanlan, you feel a strange, warm sensation in your chest-- Oh, you've been dispelled. Bitch. Also at the end of your turn, Grog, or as soon as your turn ends, you hear this (undead inhale) strange sucking breath-like sound. Don't do it. Listen, I like you the way you are. Don't--",Perception
Perception,"I think there's only one corpse in each cage. I think they're like gauntlet generators and they're just like-- Quick point of order-- Yes? Spawners. Is there like corpse soup in those cages, or is it one corpse per cage? You can't really see from your perspective this far away. Well, fair. I wondered that same thing. (all laugh) For the sake of paying attention,",Perception
Perception,"Yeah. Interesting. Okay. Keyleth is going to move a couple closer to the wall, that's she's close-- This wall here? Yes. Two. Forward a little bit, going towards this tunnel. Other way, other way. Other way. Taliesin literally has the laser pointer. Right there's good, that's good. Thank you. He is literally-- yeah. Can I take my bonus action to do a",Perception
Perception,"which is hasted, to slide around this way and crouch ten feet in front of Keyleth. There. I think that's Keyleth you're moving. Oh no, I'm sorry. Ahead of Keyleth. Between Raishan and her. Right there? Yeah. Cool. All right. Vex, you're up. We're just in a nice line. Okay, I'm going to-- I saw Keyleth say that she was in fog, so can I come around that corner and see her?",Perception
Perception,"All right, cool. I might hide behind that stalagmite. That ends your turn. Percy, you're up. Did I see this go down? You're over here watching the egg off in the distance, and you watch her fire a couple arrows and then rush around the corner, and you hear the slam into the ground. Though you can see the fog moving around and there's thrashing. If you wanted to try and attack something,",Stealth
Perception,"You're over here watching the egg off in the distance, and you watch her fire a couple arrows and then rush around the corner, and you hear the slam into the ground. Though you can see the fog moving around and there's thrashing. If you wanted to try and attack something, you'd have to roll a perception check. All right. I'm making my way along the wall anyway in that direction, so while I'm walking I'm going to see if anything looks worth shooting at over there. Okay, go for it.",Perception
Stealth,"I'm going to run over to Allura and I'm going to cast 3rd-level Cure Wounds on her. Okay. Healing her-- 3d8 plus three. Fifteen points. All right. And then... 30 feet, no. Fuck! That's my action, isn't it? Mm-hm. I guess as a bonus action I'm going to... hide? I'm such a loser. So you're going to move over here and hide? Yeah? I guess? Okay, so go ahead and roll a",Stealth
Stealth,"going to... hide? I'm such a loser. So you're going to move over here and hide? Yeah? I guess? Okay, so go ahead and roll a stealth check. Okay, let me see if I have any health potions left, though. I have a regular healing potion left. Go for it. So I'm going to take that. It's 2d4 plus two. Ooh! Eight points healed. All right. Percy, you're up.",Stealth
Stealth,"So you're going to move over here and hide? Yeah? I guess? Okay, so go ahead and roll a stealth check. Okay, let me see if I have any health potions left, though. I have a regular healing potion left. Go for it. So I'm going to take that. It's 2d4 plus two. Ooh! Eight points healed. All right. Percy, you're up. And a stealth check.",Stealth
Perception,"And with that, the breath escapes Scanlan's lungs, the smile across his face, as life leaves his form. This time I died with a bad joke and piss all over me. (All laughing.) He died as he lived: hard or after a bad joke with piss all over him. All right. That ends Scanlan's turn. Grog, you're up. Yeah. Uh. Dragon moved. Scanlan dead. (raspberry) Did I detect which direction el dragon flew in?",Perception
Perception,"Okay. All right, that ends Kerrek's turn. Let's see here. Kima sees you doing this and is going to go ahead and back you up right there. Sorry, Percy. Yeah. Spiderclimb makes you so easy to knock over. Kima, on her turn... is going to use Aura of Vitality again on herself and, utilizing that as a bonus action, is going to heal you for 2d6, Kerrek. So-- oh, not bad. 11 hit points. All righty. That ends Kima's turn. Allura. Allura, who is barely conscious with 15 hit points, is going to get to her feet.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"attack. 53 points of damage. Come on, come on. Come on! Second attack is also getting, okay, so one, just one, okay. Plus five and... eight. All right. And I'm going to use my bonus action to disengage and just leap away from her and just tumble-crash to the ground. Okay. Does she still have an attack of opportunity against disengagement, or did that legendary action-- No, disengage doesn't have to. Make",Acrobatics
Athletics,"That's going to end Raishan's turn. Grog, you're up. Yeah! Grog would like to get up. Stand up. What does that take for me to do that? That's half your movement. 25. Half my movement. Can I use the rest of my movement to run towards dragon-dick? Towards dragon-dick? Yeah. 25. That's as far as you can get. Can I use the boots of feral leaping to leap even further.",Athletics
Investigation,"and scattered on the ground, and the magic is fading. There is one book that is actually in a chest that she goes and partially opens, there is a book inside that is emanating some magical essence. There is the doorway across the way. But there is just a general magical presence, like a faint magical energy everywhere in here. Which doorway across the way? On the far end. There is a doorway. Oh, there is? I run over to inspect it.",Investigation
Arcana,"I don't understand. No, Kima! Kima! And Kima just walks in after her. Sparks once more. Does anybody know what the fuck-- What did that mean? What was that supposed to look like? What it was supposed to look like? Can we do some sort of check? I don't know arcane. I don't either. (tearfully) Scanlan does. (tearfully) Scanlan does. He would know.",Insight
Perception,"Okay. One thing at a time. This is taking everything to not stay here. Okay. Still moving towards the beach, looking for live trees. A short time later, you eventually get close to the edge of the waterline, and you do find a handful of trees that appear to be alive enough and large enough to maintain one of your spells. I do a useless scan of the ocean out of desperation to see if I see anything.",Perception
Athletics,"they're both having a hard time treading water, and they're swimming in the wrong direction. I fly over them and just tell them, ""Hang onto the broom!"" ""Oh, that's the best thing I could've hoped for seeing."" And Allura reaches up and grabs your arm and says, ""Kima, hold on!"" And grabs the edge. You can see Kima now is like coughing up water and is trying desperately to tread water. That's a natural 20 on a strength check for Allura. Holy shit. With no modifier. Manages to hold onto both you and Kima and keep you up.",Athletics
Investigation,"You actually see two gnolls and what looks to be a goblin that are wandering amongst those people in the street. Kymal is, and you've passed through before. Kymal is-- it's the real-- it's the seedy Reno of Tal'Dorei, if you will. I mean, Reno's already pretty seedy, so. It's not Laughlin level. It's not-- sorry, Laughlin. Sorry, Reno. Go ahead and make an",Investigation
Persuasion,"He died with piss all over him. That sounds like my father. Will you go? And what? Will you help? Kaylie. And help what? I set her on the table so we're still eye-level. All his words were of you. Look, I know a little bit about having a father who wasn't around. Right? Take it from me. It's not worth it. It's not worth harboring this hatred in your heart. If you can find it in yourself to forgive him, you'll live a much happier life.",Persuasion
Perception,"So awkward. Deuces. There you go. (laughs) Deuces. The dragon destroyed. However, their friend, Scanlan, still lifeless and still, growing colder as the minutes passed. Picked up his body and you fled the cavern to the outside of the island after discovering the teleportation or, at least, the magic of transport had some sort of an alteration or a funkiness to it, if you will. You watched as two of your allies, Kima and Allura, were, instead of teleporting away through a circle, sent deep out into the ocean. You managed to find them",Investigation
Persuasion,"know me after. While my best buddy Pike taught me to love, you taught me to laugh, and I don't want to know what life is like without that. And the last thing I'd say is, you spent so many times inspiring me, I'd like to take a page from your book. And to the tune of the Washington Redskins fight song-- (laughter around the table) I sing (singing) Hail to Scanlan Shorthalt Hail to victory! No one can make me laugh faster. Please bring him back to me.",Persuasion
Performance,"your whole fucking town. (all laugh) You see, I love this gnome very much. He's small like me, but he's touched. He's raided and slain, He's pooped while he sang, But if he's gone forever I won't be the same Now that he's learned he's a dad, The journey that all of us had Cannot be in vain Will not be in waste. Please, Scanlan, open your eyes and see your daughter's face. I'd say go ahead and make-- make a",Performance
Performance,"pick up, and she begins to dance, her feet clacking across the top of the altar. The juxtaposition of the energy and the emotion of the room towards this strange rush of energy and liveliness is awkward at first, and then welcome, and you can't help but, in spite of yourselves, smile. The sound fills the room as she goes faster and faster and faster, her feet clacking, faster and faster, across the stone work on the top. She brings it to a giant crescendo, finishes with a flourish, the bow (makes a whooshing noise) outside. She puts her head up, and you see the tears streak down her face, no smile, just a stone expression, and she gives a bow.",Performance
Performance,"talk."" and slaps his face the other way, jumps off the altar, slams out the two doors to the front, and staggers out of the temple into the outside. Scanlan still lays unconscious but breathing. I rolled a natural fucking 20, by the way guys, on that final roll. Did you really? No way. It's right there. I haven't touched it since it landed. That was two natural 20s. Two! Two natural 20s. It was 14 for Kaylie's",Performance
Medicine,"There was--I mean with the DC increase, because he was at a 12. I missaid 13 last week, it was a 12, and we had two successes and one failure. That brought it from a 13, ten, to a seven. So we had a one through six and he would have been good. Oh, good. That responsibility is so scary. Yeah. Anyway. As you all take in the moment, it appears that Scanlan's spirit has returned to the body. Anybody wanna wake him up? No. I don't think so, not yet. Keyleth goes up and does a simple",Medicine
Insight,"you watch as Kima immediately pushes up ""Is he--?"" He'll be fine. ""(sighs and then scoffs) And you were worried. So dumb."" (laughs all around) Allura steps up behind her and puts her hands on Kima's shoulders and goes, ""Well, that's good news. Take care of him. We'll probably return to Emon and help helm the ""remainder of the cleaning, and situation, of Emon: gather the dead, see who we still have alive, ""and come back soon with an idea of what we have to rebuild.""",Insight
Perception,"How do you feel about that? I've had friends come and go through the years. It's part of the job. That can't be true. That cold... Well, no. Each one hurts, but-- Look, doll, I've lived in some of the harshest landscapes Tal'dorei and beyond has to see. I've watched people torn asunder in the streets before me. I have-- I hold onto my purse the entire time talking to him. Okay. (all laugh) That was so subtle.",Insight
Perception,"Yeah. (laughs) And then when it does not-- when it dead ends, I just drink as much of that bottle as I can, moving it back and forth between the two of us for the rest of the night. I'm good with that. Do I hear them at all on the other side of the door? You hear them muttering from across the wall, but do you wanna listen in? I was actually hoping to be around the corner for a chunk of this, 'cause I was heading to Scanlan's room as well.",Stealth
Insight,"serum. Serum. Did they teach you that in your Sarenrae temple classes, because if not, maybe you have a thing or two to teach them now. Probably not, Grog, but thank you. All right, now I am coming around the corner. I've waited long enough. So, Percival, you hear just enough to hear the talk about needing a body and then alcohol. Percy, the gods gave you two hands for bottles for each of them! Four if you can learn to use your feet. That's too much. My brain will explode.",Perception
Investigation,"to Whitestone? Jarett is recovering. Okay. Did he come back with us, or is he still in Whitestone? Jarett's still in Whitestone. He's like, ""Fuck you!"" Jarett's proud and excited about the things you've accomplished, but Jarett needs a vacation. He's got to find some drugs, too. Yeah. He's not happy about that. Modify Memory. (laughs) If you want to roll an",Investigation
Perception,"If anything, that means we came to Emon for nothing-- Yeah, pretty much. --except to go to our Keep. We made a double-check. Yeah! We had to make sure everything was alright here. It was a free ride. That's true. Cool! To the keep. And as I'm walking through, I keep an eye out to see if there are any Ashari lingering around but I'm sure they've all bounced at this point.",Perception
Investigation,"There are a couple of small oil lamps that are hanging from the walls. They are not currently lit, and the forge is dark, cold there-- most of the tools have already been stolen or taken, anything that can be grabbed by hand is gone. Are there any of those dangerous buckets of water around? There are a couple, and it smells of stale hard water. Treacherous. (all laugh) Don't really know what I'm looking for. Are there any like powders? Like sacks of powder--",Investigation
Perception,"Are there any like powders? Like sacks of powder-- Make an investigation check. --crates of powder, or-- Oh, that's not terrible! 14. You do find what looks to be a small brown wooden barrel-type container. It has a lid on it, but it's easy to pull off. And on the inside it has a familiar smell that you catch whenever you see Percy fiddling with his weapons, sort of a dark powder substance. Can I pour a little out? Yup. Looks like soot or charcoal dust, grainy like sand. Can I have snuck down and be watching this?",Investigation
Perception,"Yeah, we're not gonna get into any fights, right? Not if we can help it. Okay. That's the hope. Grog, why are you making that face, Grog? I'm holding my breath. Why are you holding your breath? Hiccups? No fights at all? Like, what if we run into bad people? If we run into bad people, we can fight them.",Perception
Insight,"Right. She said it had a faint magical aura of protection. But it was protection. Could you shake it like a yuletide present? No. No. Maybe it's actually somebody requesting that we do something that is nice then, which I feel like never happens. (all laughs) From what I remember from my-- I can look, right? I don't trust anybody anymore. From Senokir, cause didn't I do",Persuasion
Investigation,"I feel like I remember-- It's your say, go for it. I think we should make a tree and head in that direction. Well, we already have a tree, but yeah. All in favor of jumping through that tree-- Make like a leaf and wait-- Make like a tree and leave. (Laughs) Yeah. I don't know, ask him. Was the box already checked for traps? You don't know. Can I check it for traps?",Investigation
Perception,"30. It is locked, there are four individual locks in each side-- Four locks? And it appears that there is some sort of a-- usually when something like that has a little bit of give against the chain, the box has none. That usually either means it's adhered or it's sealed magically. Pickle, I will help you if you want, but my gut is telling me that this is just his wife's ashes. Shake it. Listen. I second that.",Perception
History,"there a tree there? There are a number of trees, actually. A number of the homes are actually built in-- In trees? That's cool. Sick! I want a tree house! Okay. And you said it's safe, this isn't arcane, it's natural, since Melora, I'll probably be okay? People aren't gonna look at us weird when we come out of a tree on the other end? I mean, when you come out of a tree people probably look at you weird anyway. Sure. Do people bury their dead here?",History
History,"In trees? That's cool. Sick! I want a tree house! Okay. And you said it's safe, this isn't arcane, it's natural, since Melora, I'll probably be okay? People aren't gonna look at us weird when we come out of a tree on the other end? I mean, when you come out of a tree people probably look at you weird anyway. Sure. Do people bury their dead here? You don't know. Roll a history check. But didn't he say that she was from this area?",History
History,"probably look at you weird anyway. Sure. Do people bury their dead here? You don't know. Roll a history check. But didn't he say that she was from this area? I'll join in this history check, this is bothering me. Sofine? Sofin? Zaafin. Zaafin. Zaafin was from this area? Apparently, yes, this was where she came from.",History
Nature,"you see the cold landscape, or at least the cold sky of Vasselheim, though surrounding you it is just verdant green. You can see moss and bushes and grass, and a number of tree trunks around you. You can see a very clear-cut path that walks through like an intentional park walkway. As you all emerge, you find yourself looking up into the relatively grey, heavily cloud-covered sky, and it is very cold. You watch as very, very faint snow drifts to the ground, but it doesn't touch, it immediately evaporates before it hits the ground. It seems either the warmth of the area or an enchantment of some kind is resistant to the weather of this northern continent.",Nature
Nature,"You can see a very clear-cut path that walks through like an intentional park walkway. As you all emerge, you find yourself looking up into the relatively grey, heavily cloud-covered sky, and it is very cold. You watch as very, very faint snow drifts to the ground, but it doesn't touch, it immediately evaporates before it hits the ground. It seems either the warmth of the area or an enchantment of some kind is resistant to the weather of this northern continent. Can I do a quick nature check to see if this is a mystical realm or if they've done something naturey to make it--",Nature
Insight,"They awkwardly continue walking. Ask them where the Birth Heart tree is! Do you know where the Birth Heart tree is, actually? She stops and turns back. ""The Birth Heart is two paths up and to the right. It's hard to miss."" How long have you guys lived here? They kinda look at each other, back at you, awkwardly. ""My entire life. She lived up north in Crossin but moved here ten years ago."" And you've never heard of a Zaafin? No.",Insight
Insight,"Ask them where the Birth Heart tree is! Do you know where the Birth Heart tree is, actually? She stops and turns back. ""The Birth Heart is two paths up and to the right. It's hard to miss."" How long have you guys lived here? They kinda look at each other, back at you, awkwardly. ""My entire life. She lived up north in Crossin but moved here ten years ago."" And you've never heard of a Zaafin? No. Insight check?",Insight
Perception,"And you get the sense that's probably the Birth Heart. Does it kind of remind us of Sondur's tree? Sondur was a singular tree. This, from what you can tell, appears to be a cluster of many trees. Okay. Do we proceed towards it? Yeah, we do. Yes, yes. All right. You guys push on, and as you approach-- Can we keep an eye out for guards? Anybody that might be watching us?",Perception
Perception,"standard Bastion armor set, per se, but they do have elements of colors and cloths that symbolize their station as well as some pins or badges that mark the symbol there. So you do pick up on a few of them, and they're just kind of doing the rounds, and there are a couple that are curiously keeping their distance and keeping an eye. But not following you, just, hm. Bidet. Bidet? Can I keep an eye out for any kind of tombstones or anything in the area that looks like anybody else might have done similar things?",Perception
Investigation,"forest? (defeated) Technically, yes. That was the saddest advantage I've ever seen. Perception, you said? Yes. That's a 20. Okay. As you walk towards the Birth Heart, and you get towards the outside of this large cluster of towering trees, you do not see anything that would be a tombstone per se. Occasionally you do see a cluster of stones. Can I check 'em out and see if it looks like--",Investigation
Religion,"Pike, would you bring the box over here, please? Would you pray with me, please? Well, I-- Matt, can I ask you a question? (all laugh) Yeah, yes you may, Ashley. Holy shit! That got serious! Oh, legit! Is it respectful to-- Spike the box! -- when you're at a place of another god's worship to-- I know we did at the resurrection ritual, but to bring another god into it?",Religion
Perception,"It's like a bare-knuckle fight. Yeah, it's pretty much fisticuffs in the Crucible. They got gnome fights there? They got gnome fights? They got gnome fights? (laughs) That sounds like a blast. I wanna see if I can find two small stones while we're walking through the path. I wanna find two pretty reasonable fire-starting stones. Flints, you mean? Yeah, just a flint.",Investigation
Athletics,"The wisdom saving throw was something in the beginning. Yeah, I think it was, you have to shake his hand or do something, like, gentle to him. I like the idea that it's silent in here and we're just hearing sand get kicked around and Grog breathing like a bull. I like to think that Earthbreaker Groon has, like, mood music for his fights. Agreed, yeah. There's frustrated grunts happening. He's got a sound system.",Athletics
Athletics,"kind of earth-side punch into your torso. Not the double fist! It's about to push you backward, but you dig in your feet (grunts) and resist it and hold your place. Yeah! Look who's catching who now. Now it's your turn. He didn't have a quip back for me, okay. Right. I would like to turn so I'm facing him. Okay. I want to pick him up and try and bodyslam him.",Athletics
Investigation,"I wonder what Scanlan would say if he were here right now? Fucking come back and get me! (all laugh) Yes, yes. He's asleep. Very asleep. (snores) In a coma. Shit. Do quick shopping and then head home and look at all the things. A quick buying of potions, I just wanna see if I can get some stuff.",Investigation
History,"it could very well in the near future. Just tell me so I can add it to the campaign guide. (all laugh) I'll come up with something better. International House of Bosoms Yes. (all laugh) Thank you. With all the flags on it. Would I possibly know this? And six different syrups to choose from in each room. Ahh, the silver dollars. I don't even know if I would know this.",History
History,"me so I can add it to the campaign guide. (all laugh) I'll come up with something better. International House of Bosoms Yes. (all laugh) Thank you. With all the flags on it. Would I possibly know this? And six different syrups to choose from in each room. Ahh, the silver dollars. I don't even know if I would know this. You know what? Make a history check.",History
Perception,"month-by-month basis, and you get a cut of the treasure as we go, of course. We can work out the particulars, but are you in fact, guns and-- or, not guns. Swords-for-hire? What, are you going after treasure? I'm going after many things. I have a long list of things I want to tick off. Are you famous? Of course I am. You haven't heard of... Well, you haven't heard of me yet because my book hasn't come out yet. Doty here is recording my legendary adventures as I travel around the continents. How thick is the book?",Insight
Insight,"I knew you were special when I ran into you all, my goodness. Hey, buddy boy, we have to go to the Nine Hells in the not too distant future, are you down for that? Well.  Hold on, let me check my list.... that is on the list. It was... lower down, but, it's another thing I have to tick off before I'm a real adventurer! So, I'm up for anything if you are. Hm. I do not like you. This fucking asshole, am I right? This fucking asshole.",Insight
Perception,"I would love to hear. Hold on. Wait, one more! Another round, I've got it, I've got it. Treev's already on it. Treev is like, ""Oh, don't worry. I'm loving this."" Then he's just pouring all of you glasses and shoving them forward to you guys and crossing his arms. Maybe some meats too, if you have any. Or cheeses. We ain't got meat. Oh. I want to keep an eye-- I'm keeping an eye out for any kind of questionable behavior.",Perception
Insight,"the crowd, as you guys watch-- I am watching this-- Oh yeah. Tary kind of puts his arm on her shoulder-- Don't touch me. Leads her over to the corner. Don't touch me. I'll reach into my Bag of Holding (gasps) And pull up just a handful of coin. A nice fistful of pristine platinum pieces in his grip. Just a whole bag of that? I want to look at one.",Insight
Investigation,"Just a whole bag of that? I want to look at one. Yeah, insight check that money. Ding! Don't. Flick. Money at me. Dear. If you want to keep your hands. I'm sorry, Little-- Is this--? You hear the scratching sound of quill on parchment as Doty has arrived behind you and is now currently cataloguing the entire conversation. (all laugh) Does it look real?",Investigation
Perception,"So your... Doty? Yes? Dottie. Dottie, sorry. Doty. Duty. Duty. Got it. Does he fight or does he just write? He does what I tell him to do. Is he competent in a battle? I would say so. Has he ever been in battle? Doty has been in a battle. Does he look like he has any battle scars? Glancing over and getting a quick look--",Investigation
Insight,"well versed you are in financial transactions. Oh, fuck-all. I thought you could give me the layman's terms. He is in real estate. He buys and sells properties, charges rent, taxes... A land baron. So bored right now. He owns a lot of things, places and makes a lot of money off of these places. Interesting... Interesting. Cinnamon Tower. I will be forthcoming with anything that you ask me. I have nothing to hide. I come from money  this is clear.",Insight
Insight,"give me the layman's terms. He is in real estate. He buys and sells properties, charges rent, taxes... A land baron. So bored right now. He owns a lot of things, places and makes a lot of money off of these places. Interesting... Interesting. Cinnamon Tower. I will be forthcoming with anything that you ask me. I have nothing to hide. I come from money  this is clear. Can I insight check him on 'I have nothing'?",Insight
Investigation,"I have nothing to hide. I come from money  this is clear. Can I insight check him on 'I have nothing'? Yeah, make an insight check. Aw. It's terrible, that's all right. No, it's not! Don't use luck! You shush! You can-- I will use luck if I want to use luck! Hard to read. For many reasons! I'll say! I also want to take a good long look at robot and see if I can-- this automaton.",Insight
Perception,"We are going to Hell. All right. And you are coming along. And we're taking you with us. Shouldn't we see him fight first? Yeah, well, let's bring him home. I'd hate for him to die immediately. Yeah, we want Grog to run him out like a labrador. Do I see any large, intimidating looking creatures just walking around where we are at the moment? No, not in the city, Grog. I'm not talking to you.",Perception
Insight,"fresh growing season of green back there, and that is closed off. It is protected. There are guards around and it is away from the general populace of Whitestone. Nice. This looks like a great place. Now, if you want your first taste of adventure, you need to bring Dottie and come over here. Doty. I have to whisper it because it's very secret. Four-eyes, shall I trust Jumbo here because he seems a bit shady. Yes, no, you should trust him with your life. He's very trustworthy.",Insight
Insight,"That's terrible. Drink up, by the way. Oh, thank you. So how long have you been set forth on your little mission to prove yourself worthy? Month, month and a half. Really? Welcome aboard the proving-yourself train. I hired a band of mercenaries to assist me for the first month. Did you really get them killed? No, they left me. (all laugh) (sighs)",Insight
History,"Yes. Well-put. As Taryon, can't we teleport to wherever we're trying to go? It's easier to teleport if you're already been there. Ooh. Yeah, unfortunately, I can't-- I've never been there. And the Ashari are a very reclusive type people. I've read about most people and places. Have you read about the Water Ashari and the Ashari people?",History
History,"As Taryon, can't we teleport to wherever we're trying to go? It's easier to teleport if you're already been there. Ooh. Yeah, unfortunately, I can't-- I've never been there. And the Ashari are a very reclusive type people. I've read about most people and places. Have you read about the Water Ashari and the Ashari people? Make a history check. Ooh!",History
Insight,"Do you want a card? No! I don't know. I open the flap-- No no no! Don't-- Grog! Do you want a card? What're you worried about, it's a deck of cards. You're making me regret giving this back to you right now. I just want to say. I close it. Please don't make me regret this. Why? I'm sorry that I lied to you. Even though you didn't notice. I want you to know you can still trust me, and I can still trust you to not fuck with this.",Insight
Insight,"No! I don't know. I open the flap-- No no no! Don't-- Grog! Do you want a card? What're you worried about, it's a deck of cards. You're making me regret giving this back to you right now. I just want to say. I close it. Please don't make me regret this. Why? I'm sorry that I lied to you. Even though you didn't notice. I want you to know you can still trust me, and I can still trust you to not fuck with this. I would like to insight check Vex.",Insight
Investigation,"the deck. I'm glad you have our back. Don't do drugs. What do you think Scanlan did with the rest of those drugs? What do you mean 'the rest of the drugs'? Well, you said he was doing drugs, right? Right. Well, did he just take them with him? Should we search his room? Ooh, maybe! Let's do it. All right, I put the deck away. Okay. You guys head up to Scanlan's room. Yeah.",Perception
Investigation,"see there's a lot of goods coming into the city now, as a lot of heavy orders have come from nearby villages to transport goods as part of the recovery, both from the south from the Mornset as well as things that were too large to carry by cart from Syngorn, and have been coming up along the coast, avoiding Dagger Bay, and making their way up to Emon. There are a number of individuals around, and who would want to spearhead the investigation-- I'm not good at investigating. Who's good at investigating? I'll go. Yeah.",Perception
Perception,"the way of landmasses out here, my dear."" Do you have a telescope? She goes and pulls out her particular eye glass. It's small, but functional. Glances over, and you look over in the direction and point it out. There's nothing on the horizon. May I take that and fly up? I swear I'll give it back. There's a long pause-- I've got nowhere to hide. Careful, butterfingers. Passes it over. Up. You take off, look up, extend it, keeping a",Stealth
Perception,"the-- oh man. Are you really? What? Are-- you're not... No, I'm just looking to see what I can see. Like one leg up, Captain Morgan style. There you go. As you glance out, with your hand above on your brow, guarding the bright, cloudless sunlight down upon you, it is just endless ocean. Is there one of those amazing naked ladies on the front of the ship? Holding out the pole, that comes out from the front?",Perception
Perception,"like a bandana of cloth wrapped around the front of his head, and just a leather tunic. He kind of looks back to you. ""Um, I've got it, but thank you."" Oh, okay. 'Cause I can-- You're doing great. Good work. Right, okay. I'm gonna grab Bad News and run up to the crow's nest and see if I can see anything. Okay. Guess word has gotten around the ship then. Yeah. Well, she did shout 'full sail,' I guess maybe you went up to see what was going on. You get up to the crow's nest. Go ahead and",Perception
Athletics,"Oh, uh. Athletic, hearty. You know, curves in all the right places. I'm loving this. Yup, yup. Your type, I think. Man, battle scars? Uh. How many breasts? Please say three. It's one good, one good chest, here. You know what, I will draw you a picture. All right? Yeah, that's great! Okay. I'm gonna try to climb up without falling into the drink, all right? Oh, yeah, that'd be good.",Athletics
Perception,"All right, you said you head to the crow's nest with Percy? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Anything in particular, just keeping watch? Just keeping watch. Sitting and sketching. Yeah. Looking out every now and then. I don't feel as nauseous up here, it's nice. Quite nice. All right. About two hours later, I'll have",Perception
Perception,"Okay, Tary gives a graceful, if a little clunkier, dive. In full armor, which makes it hard to swim. Oh, shit. (all laugh) But you can breathe underwater. It's medium armor, it's not too crazy, you're fine. But you with a much heavier splash. You look behind you, and see Taryon has met you in the water with the gills also kind of extending out of the sides of his neck. I would like both of you to make perception checks. (all laugh)",Perception
Perception,"But you can breathe underwater. It's medium armor, it's not too crazy, you're fine. But you with a much heavier splash. You look behind you, and see Taryon has met you in the water with the gills also kind of extending out of the sides of his neck. I would like both of you to make perception checks. (all laugh) Make perception checks, please. Don't fuck me, Gil. 16. It was cocked. It was right on a 20, which sucks.",Perception
Stealth,"All right, you guys hear Keyleth begin to inform you as you hear off to the left side of the ship two localized sounds-- it sounds like wood slamming into wood or some sort of a heavy impact, two in rapid succession. And you watch as from out of the fog two extremely long metallic jagged and almost like hooks or giant grappling hooks slam into the ship with chains behind them that suddenly grow taut. The rest of the crew begins to turn around and move their ballistas in the direction of where the chains come from, but you still see nothing there. The fog is too thick. I'm going to hide.",Stealth
Athletics,"I'm going to come up and, in the path as the ship is going by, can I do a poof of Faerie Fire in front of it? To see if I can Faerie Fire the ship? Okay, well, you can only Faerie Fire creatures in a small area, a ship-- It's not going to do it. --probably shouldn't be Faerie Fire. Okay, then I'm going to see if I can-- can I try and grab onto the side of the ship? With just your fingers? It's pretty-- I mean-- okay, you know what, I will say because of the iron plating there is a little bit of a grip. The seams?",Athletics
Stealth,"all the way to the other boat, but I can. If you want to go with us. Oh, please! Toy boat, toy boat. Toy boat. Toy boat. Tor Books. Tor Books, Tor Books. (all laugh) Tor Books, Tor Books, Tor Books. It's actually kinda hard. Yeah. All right. Vax, where are you? Since you are hiding.",Investigation
Perception,"Yeah. You drop him in the crow's nest. Uh-huh. All right. And you are currently on your bow? Is that all you're gonna do? I'm on-- yeah, I'm on my broom. I'm just riding my bow around. Fair enough. Can I drift down to where I can see anything and I say to Keyleth, Uh, fog? Can you do anything about the fog? On their ship? Yeah. Okay. So as you coast down a little lower,",Perception
Acrobatics,"right at the edge of the ship right there. Done. Okay, just for funsies I will throw my second dagger at the one right in front of Trink. Okay. So, that is not that good. Ooh. That's a 13. Okay, yeah. Even with disadvantage. Okay. So this one you fire, and just disappears off to the side of the ship, but returns to your belt. Are you gonna stay where you are? No, I'm gonna drop down. Okay. And circle around Trinket's tush.",Acrobatics
Perception,"Are you gonna stay where you are? No, I'm gonna drop down. Okay. And circle around Trinket's tush. All right. Make an acrobatics check. Sure. Just to land from the top there. Yeah, 25. Yeah, you're fine. So you move around behind Trinket. All righty.  That ends your turn, Vax. Percy, you're up. Okay, I'm gonna take a quick look around to see if I can figure out what's causing this fog because it's annoying me.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"No. All right, so, they get one rapier strike towards you. That is going to be nine points of piercing damage. Halved. As it just cuts across the center of your armor in the midsection. It doesn't actually get the skin, but it's enough of an impact where you can feel a bruise coming. Tight. All righty. Ending their turn, that brings us to Keyleth. Okay. Am I still on the side of the boat? You are, yes. I'm gonna climb up that boat.",Athletics
Athletics,"elemental and take a strike on it and misses. (whoosh) It goes and strikes, but the water elemental shifts out of the way, the blade moves past, without an impact. End of the round, we have Taryon. Yeah! Taryon! Yeah! So, the guy right next to me is gone, right? Yeah, he's splashed back. Both of these guys are in the water, back ten feet. Oh, they're gone. Okay. Yeah. Okay, Can I see? No. I'm gonna climb up.",Athletics
Perception,"God, robot! All right, ending that round, that brings us the ships continue to move forward  both of these guys shift backward. Bye! They're being left behind by the boats. Good! They're trying to swim forward. That brings us to Marid. Okay. I've been waiting for this so for pretty much a few months. So this guy is currently up in the side. And he's looking around, he's gonna make a quick",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Okay, I'm going to, if I can pull this off, is it possible that I can break the rope that I'm currently holding onto and do a little Errol Flynn like fly down to the bottom of the boat? You can do that, yeah. Is it possible that the rope I have to shoot is in between me and him? Uh... sure. You going to kill two birds with one stone? I'm going to use a piercing shot, and I'm going to try to do both with one shot and Errol Flynn this shit. Oh shit! Oh shit!",Acrobatics
Perception,"enhanced by the Cabal's Ruin vestige enchantment. As it blasts into the side of the elemental, the elemental gets blown back through the air, and as it does, it just vaporizes. (all cheer) Is that everyone done? All the enemies currently seem to be not on the ship, or dragging behind. However, (creaking noise) I'm going to stop, I'm going to wave, and I'm going to go walk over and start looking to see if I can see what that glow is. I'm going to deactivate this, because I want to loot this ship.",Perception
Investigation,"Six seconds of dialogue, right there! All right, we'll say for the pace of things here, guys, the ship is maybe 30 seconds from fully sinking into the water. Anybody you guys wanna-- 30 seconds? I'm gonna do what I said before, and I'm gonna go and land next to Keyleth. Okay. See if we can grab the orb. I'm gonna run downstairs and see if I can see paperwork in the captain's quarters or anything-- or run in the captain's quarters and just do a massive loot, really, just as quick as I can.",Investigation
Athletics,"kind of doing that. You want me to jump over there and go get the orb? Yeah! We also kinda put a bunch of holes into the side of it. Yeah, there are a bunch of holes in the ship-- So I can only do so much. Your Control Water can localize some cool effects, but overall the ship itself has taken too much damage. Can I use my boots of Feral leaping to leap from one ship to the other?",Athletics
Investigation,"Yeah, there are a bunch of holes in the ship-- So I can only do so much. Your Control Water can localize some cool effects, but overall the ship itself has taken too much damage. Can I use my boots of Feral leaping to leap from one ship to the other? Sure, make an athletics check. I want to fly down and help Percy investigate. If there's time. We're pretty flush already. Let's make it quick. Well, there might be something magic.",Athletics
Athletics,"was too weak to pull out-- Strength check. I hope you pull something in your knee. Hah! 25. God damn it. (popping sound) I got it! Throw it in the water? No! Let's keep it, let's bring it to the other ship. Put it in the Bag of Holding, Grog. In the Bag of Holding. Okay. And I run, and I try and jump back to the other boat.",Athletics
Perception,"are dangling on the side of the ship as your fingers are right there. Looney Tunes! (breathing hard) I'm good. You could have flown. I swallowed the coin. Percival, water is now starting to spill in underneath you, and you're now about knee-deep inside, and everything's-- all the papers that you haven't already grabbed are soaked and floating up at the top. I'm gonna run out. There's-- oh, man. I don't hear anything coming from down below, do I?",Perception
Perception,"Percy investigate, was I able to do that? Please tell me I didn't kill someone innocent again. Yeah, you could fly over. Because you're behind him. As you rush in to help him, he has a couple armfuls of things, the room is now about knee-high with water and is tilting heavily to this side, and there's just floating bits of paper and soaked books and pieces of broken wood and furniture-- the room is utter chaos. Anything interesting? Yeah, I don't know. Hold on. I'm gonna listen for it. Hopefully no innocent people.",Perception
Perception,"listen for it. Hopefully no innocent people. Perception check. (muffled) Help me, I'm an orphan! You're terrible. 17. 17? You take a listen. Through all the splashing of water, the sound of wood creaking, and the ocean outside, you don't hear anything. What are you listening for? I show the keys. I'm worried there's a cage down there. I still have the spider boots, so I'm holding on. Okay. Can I hear anything with my elven ears?",Perception
Perception,"Hopefully no innocent people. Perception check. (muffled) Help me, I'm an orphan! You're terrible. 17. 17? You take a listen. Through all the splashing of water, the sound of wood creaking, and the ocean outside, you don't hear anything. What are you listening for? I show the keys. I'm worried there's a cage down there. I still have the spider boots, so I'm holding on. Okay. Can I hear anything with my elven ears? Make a perception check.",Perception
Perception,"saving throw. Plus five. Natural 20. What did I roll? 16. Okay, yeah, you both manage to just sidestep out of the way as they tumble past and splash into the water below. Get out of here, you two! You're starting to lose your footing a little bit. You probably have one more round before you just start sliding off the edge. Let's go, man! Quick, quick, quick! I'm fine. Vex is here, you two leave.",Investigation
Investigation,"and calm the waters where Vax is going, and I say, go Vax, go! Okay, so you just fly in? If there's a cage, I'll go to it. As you rush down inside, you watch as these two large, heavy cages are tumbling in your direction. An empty one slams just past you, and the other one slams into that, itself turning up a bit, and something inside slumps to the side of the bars. I'm trying to calm the water as much as I can. Can I even see the lock or where the keys were?",Perception
Insight,"Kinda looks up at everyone. ""Wh-- Where am I?"" On a boat! Different boat. Ship. Our boat. ""What do you want?"" How long have you been in that cell? ""Who are you?"" Sorry. We're your saviors. He leans back, falls onto his palms a bit, and is just kinda laying back, too exhausted to move away, but trying to just move back a bit.",Insight
Insight,"On a boat! Different boat. Ship. Our boat. ""What do you want?"" How long have you been in that cell? ""Who are you?"" Sorry. We're your saviors. He leans back, falls onto his palms a bit, and is just kinda laying back, too exhausted to move away, but trying to just move back a bit. Can I insight check him and make sure? I just don't trust anyone.",Insight
Insight,"""Making a shipment across to Emon from Issylra, and this group of thugs decided to go ""ahead and ransack us from the side. Took our ship down and most of the crew. Kept a few of us alive ""underneath. Seems like I was the one who lasted the longest."" From Emon to where? From Issylra to Emon. ""From Issylra."" Oh, from Issylra. What was your cargo? He looks at you for a second, reads you up and down as you step into the conversation. ""General goods. Few fancy textiles--""",Insight
Insight,"down and most of the crew. Kept a few of us alive ""underneath. Seems like I was the one who lasted the longest."" From Emon to where? From Issylra to Emon. ""From Issylra."" Oh, from Issylra. What was your cargo? He looks at you for a second, reads you up and down as you step into the conversation. ""General goods. Few fancy textiles--"" Insight check. ""Some silks, some furs."" Insight.",Insight
History,"""That's fine. That's fine."" Have you sailed frequently before? What was your exact duty on this ship? First Mate? Oh. Right. He already said that. So, you sail a lot. ""A fair bit, yeah."" Yeah. Any tattoos on him? Yeah, actually, a handful visibly. Any I'd recognize? I was on a boat for quite a while, as well. Right. It was a long time ago.",Insight
Nature,"it makes a pulley system-- Okay, no, just give it back to me, I'll put it back in the Bag of Holding. All right. Thanks. How big is the orb, out of curiosity? The orb is maybe seven-inch diameter. It's about that big. All right. It's seven-inch-- Yeah, it's about that big. Interesting. All right. So the ship is still progressing in that direction.",Perception
Nature,"It's seven-inch-- Yeah, it's about that big. Interesting. All right. So the ship is still progressing in that direction. Can I do a nature check on it? On the orb? To? What do you want to do with the nature check? To see if it smells like nature. Did it come from any Water Ashari, or anything like that? (all laugh) What?",Nature
Perception,"(quietly) Oh shit. The city is not on one of the islands, the city is in the center of them, there's a triangulation of these land masses and the city itself resides between all three. (quietly) Wow. Some of the guys in the front of the ship start taking small rowing boats and taking them up and latching them in and setting them off the side into the more shallow waters below. I run past all of them and just jump into the water, not gracefully like before and start swimming.",Perception
Perception,"there's a triangulation of these land masses and the city itself resides between all three. (quietly) Wow. Some of the guys in the front of the ship start taking small rowing boats and taking them up and latching them in and setting them off the side into the more shallow waters below. I run past all of them and just jump into the water, not gracefully like before and start swimming. Make a perception check. (all groan) Oh no.",Perception
Investigation,"you've had enough time to study whitestone, and get a feel that there are-- this is your first inclination that there are more than one substance that seems to be related to the nature of magic. This is-- at least based on the ecology and what little bit of history you've picked up from the kraken and how long it's been around-- whitestone may be one of the more recent sources of this type of power, or variation on this type of power. But there are certain comparable facets of its ability, yeah. It actually occurs to me that I might have some magnets on my person. Can I make an",Investigation
Stealth,"""Love you."" I'm proud of you. ""Okay."" I love him so much. I love him! Say goodbye to him. Shut up! The slowest. You see him start like, just bear-paddling a little, under the water just like-- It's fun, see? It's fun. But paddle quietly, dear, we're trying to be stealthy! ""Mm-hm. Okay."" Okay. Now are you casting-- Oh, no. You're casting Pass Without a Trace,",Stealth
Stealth,"I love him so much. I love him! Say goodbye to him. Shut up! The slowest. You see him start like, just bear-paddling a little, under the water just like-- It's fun, see? It's fun. But paddle quietly, dear, we're trying to be stealthy! ""Mm-hm. Okay."" Okay. Now are you casting-- Oh, no. You're casting Pass Without a Trace, I want everyone to make stealth checks. I love him. Aw. Fucking D&D, man.",Stealth
Stealth,"I love him so much. I love him! Say goodbye to him. Shut up! The slowest. You see him start like, just bear-paddling a little, under the water just like-- It's fun, see? It's fun. But paddle quietly, dear, we're trying to be stealthy! ""Mm-hm. Okay."" Okay. Now are you casting-- Oh, no. You're casting Pass Without a Trace, I want everyone to make stealth checks. I love him. Aw. Fucking D&D, man.",Stealth
Stealth,"Say goodbye to him. Shut up! The slowest. You see him start like, just bear-paddling a little, under the water just like-- It's fun, see? It's fun. But paddle quietly, dear, we're trying to be stealthy! ""Mm-hm. Okay."" Okay. Now are you casting-- Oh, no. You're casting Pass Without a Trace, I want everyone to make stealth checks. I love him. Aw. Fucking D&D, man. Stealth checks! Stealth checks!",Stealth
Stealth,"Shut up! The slowest. You see him start like, just bear-paddling a little, under the water just like-- It's fun, see? It's fun. But paddle quietly, dear, we're trying to be stealthy! ""Mm-hm. Okay."" Okay. Now are you casting-- Oh, no. You're casting Pass Without a Trace, I want everyone to make stealth checks. I love him. Aw. Fucking D&D, man. Stealth checks! Stealth checks! Okay. Stealth checks.",Stealth
Perception,"things for such a long period of time that it's smoothed the entirety of the wall structure. Okay. All right, you maintain the Locate Object? Mm-hm. As you guys push forward, eventually it leads you this way, until you begin to feel the direction change this path, there. So you lead the path over this way, and it leads you to the edge of this wall. Do you need some help finding it? Can I look around? Does it seem like it's right there?",Perception
Investigation,"and it leads you to the edge of this wall. Do you need some help finding it? Can I look around? Does it seem like it's right there? Make a perception check. Okay. 25. Glancing about the vicinity, looking over it all, you look at the wall, it's smooth, there's no indentation, there's no sign of a stone. Looking at the sand on the ground at the base of it, no sign of a stone. Can I move some of the sand out of the way on the ground and see if I see anything?",Investigation
Perception,"on the ground at the base of it, no sign of a stone. Can I move some of the sand out of the way on the ground and see if I see anything? Make an investigation check. Compass. Compass, yeah. Ten. Yeah, bust out that compass. Yeah, you begin to pull apart some of the sand, and the black murkiness begins to come up underneath, and you don't see anything. I stand watch while they do this and just look for any movement.",Investigation
Stealth,"All right. Like a line pointing this way. C-20. (all laugh) Hit! All right. Let's curl around. Shall we hide, yeah, curve around so we can hide from the big figure up top. Yeah, I keep an eye on the big figure the whole time. All right, I need Percival-- Me too. Tary, Vex, and Grog, who are moving",Stealth
Perception,"Trinket's kind of getting nervous of the distance. I start scootching him behind the ear, I know this one spot behind his left ear that calms him down, as I watch with Keyleth. Okay, so you slowly meander up to the side and help keep Trinket quiet for the time being. A stream of diarrhea come out of his rear end. Mixing in with the black sand. Oh, god. Like a squid in his own right. You guys follow behind and-- Do we sense any kind of movement around us or anything?",Perception
Investigation,"green, yellow, and brown just kind of emanates from the front of Taryon's face. Feed the fish. Wait, quick question. Krakens don't like use shells do they like a crab? No. Okay. They don't have fuck all. I mean, do they? They don't. Just checking. As far as I know. Can we start looking for the lodestone?",Investigation
Stealth,"All right, I'll use Detect Magic again. Well, can I just use the compass? Compass? Yeah, what does it say? It points in the direction you-- I wanna take it and bring it down to the ground and like-- Okay. Like a metal detector Can I kind of start splitting the difference in case anything bad happens? Okay, so you start making your way this way. Just very slowly.",Stealth
Investigation,"What? Detect Magic lasts for ten minutes! So you don't have to cast again. Yeah, it lasts for a while. So this is all one spell, yeah? Yeah, you can maintain the-- okay. So you go with them? Yeah! Okay. Grog, you staying put or you going with them? Staying there. Okay. You all three searching, then? Yes. Yes.",Investigation
Investigation,"What? Detect Magic lasts for ten minutes! So you don't have to cast again. Yeah, it lasts for a while. So this is all one spell, yeah? Yeah, you can maintain the-- okay. So you go with them? Yeah! Okay. Grog, you staying put or you going with them? Staying there. Okay. You all three searching, then? Yes. Yes.",Investigation
Investigation,"Detect Magic lasts for ten minutes! So you don't have to cast again. Yeah, it lasts for a while. So this is all one spell, yeah? Yeah, you can maintain the-- okay. So you go with them? Yeah! Okay. Grog, you staying put or you going with them? Staying there. Okay. You all three searching, then? Yes. Yes. Investigation check, investigation check,",Investigation
Stealth,"All right. That ends your turn. Oh, god. All right. Now it's the kraken's turn. Let's see. Swim speed of 60 feet. Fuck you. It coasts around, this direction. We'll say it gets over in this side here, perspective-wise. Vex, what'd you roll for your stealth again? It was-- I didn't roll after I said I hid. For your hide, because you're gonna hide for your bonus action, so go ahead and make your hide check. Okay.",Stealth
Athletics,"Give me a week. That'll give you just the time to swim right next to him. Okay. And I'd like to use Whisper to tear into the tentacle holding him to try to get him free of it. Okay. So are you attempting to-- To un-grapple him. Un-grapple him? All right. I need you to go ahead and make a-- because this is not you in the grapple, this is him-- Yeah.",Athletics
Athletics,"That'll give you just the time to swim right next to him. Okay. And I'd like to use Whisper to tear into the tentacle holding him to try to get him free of it. Okay. So are you attempting to-- To un-grapple him. Un-grapple him? All right. I need you to go ahead and make a-- because this is not you in the grapple, this is him-- Yeah. This is an athletics check.",Athletics
Investigation,"Towards the way your hand is going. Correct. There from you. Okay, I'm going to use my Alter Self swim speed. Okay. And swim that direction as far as I can. Do I get a better location on it? You get there, and you're still feeling it in this direction. I'll double my speed. Okay. Yeah, that's really confusing. On a fundamental level.",Athletics
Stealth,"Okay so that's (counts)-- And I'm gonna-- Your full movement. And I'm gonna use my bonus action to hide again. Okay. You still have your action, by the way. Oh! That was your movement to get the-- oh, no no no-- No no no, I used Alter Self. Sorry, sorry, action was spell, movement, you're right, bonus action. Bonus action to hide.",Stealth
Investigation,"give him disapproval. With, wordless. Okay. Sweet. I hate you. And you. That ends your turn, Taryon. That ends your turn, I believe. All right, Vax, you're up. All right. I have just gone-- Lodestone! Lodestone! I have just gone whiter-- My face has gone whiter than it has since I became a paladin of the fucking Raven Queen, seeing Keyleth just get swallowed up, but I am going to trust that Grog and she are going to get themselves out of there, and I am going to look to where Keyleth pointed, and try to see a lump or something, in the sand.",Athletics
Investigation,"""I've been here a long time, and I'll be here long after you are dust. ""Feed me and give me sustenance, I'll find my way through somehow."" Grog? I take a greater healing potion. Can I reach Vax at all? Can I find any part of his foot or anything and pull him down to me? All right, so-- you can either reach around for him, try and feel for him-- you can take a healing potion as a bonus action if you'd like. It's not for me. Oh, it's not for you? You can make an",Investigation
Investigation,"investigation check to try and find him. This is gonna be your action to do so. Is he rough at all? Even close? The kraken. The kraken? Not from what you've seen. You guys haven't been doing focusing damage, you've been trying to move around him. He's lost a number of tentacles, but-- Right, and those tentacles-- the tentacles don't count towards his overall damage? No, they do. They do, but-- (sighs loudly) What a choice. I am going to-- fuck it,",Investigation
Persuasion,"I'm gonna cast Friends on Grog. Grog. Make a wisdom saving throw. With advantage, because of Heroes' Feast. I don't even know what that is. Wow. Three. Five. Zero modifier. Holy shit. I don't know what that is. Love this game. Actually, it's supposed to be charisma checks against him. What are you trying to do? Just toss the nitwit through the door! Wait, are you trying to intimidate him? No, I'm begging!",Persuasion
Investigation,"the Raven Queen? What do you know? Vex, do you know anything? I know nothing. Do you know anything, Pike? I don't know. I've never done anything quite like this before. I mean, most of the time you guys have been there for resurrections, I don't know. I don't know. We just have to try. Okay. Is there anything on his armor? Like, something we should be looking for? Like, a tab or a button or-- No? I look. For any sort of message from the Raven Queen on his armor.",Investigation
Persuasion,"your honor. Sent soul after soul to you. It would be a shame to give that up, especially now. And I remember the book that I read. Especially now as Orcus builds his forces against you. The demon prince of the undead seeks to claim your throne. You know this as well as I. We just recently killed one of his loyal servants in the Underdark, before my brother ever came into your service. Imagine what he could do now. So this is the deal you send him back, allow my brother to come home, and we will seek out Orcus. I will track him down, I will hunt him in whatever pit he resides, and we will destroy your enemy once and for all. What say you?",Persuasion
Intimidation,"I'll go, then. I go over to Vax. Is he on a raised platform? No, actually, he's on the ground in a bed of black feathers and currently is propped up against Keyleth's chest. She's sitting behind him so he's leaning back against her, she has her hand against his back. I'll stand over him. I told you before. No one kills you but me. And I think back to being in Percy's workshop at Greyskull Keep and I say, I love you too. And I reach back and I slap the ever-loving fucking shit out of his dead face. (all laugh)",Intimidation
Insight,"(all laugh) ""Shit!"" How many people lose their lives on their Aramente? How many people complete it? ""Well, the Aramente is generally not a lethal experience. The kraken only arrived this ""recent generation, and honestly, the only two who's had to take it with the kraken's presence ""were Keyleth and her mother."" What? I'd been hoping to run a perception check through pretty much this entire conversation, to make sure she's being completely honest about everything.",Insight
Insight,"""Shit!"" How many people lose their lives on their Aramente? How many people complete it? ""Well, the Aramente is generally not a lethal experience. The kraken only arrived this ""recent generation, and honestly, the only two who's had to take it with the kraken's presence ""were Keyleth and her mother."" What? I'd been hoping to run a perception check through pretty much this entire conversation, to make sure she's being completely honest about everything. Insight check, you mean?",Insight
Perception,"We do have to get him an earpiece. As you're staring at the flower and contemplating the awkwardness, you feel Percival slowly come up behind you and just put a little seashell crown on your head. Long may he reign. (all laugh) Oh. My. God. Oh my god. Is there anyone else around, by the way? Science bro vomit. I wanna check, are we being listened to? Is there anyone within earshot? Is there anything--",Perception
Deception,"stone stick out. And you can see the different types of stone layers, geologically. It's that kind of a texture down the side of it and it's like a dark gray, almost blue color. This egg comes from a very ancient magical beast. If you find yourself in a dire need. Like in that last fight. Yes. Yes. If you break it and consume its contents, you will be granted immense power. Really? Indeed. But only in times of great need. I trust I don't have to emphasize how important that is.",Deception
Insight,"beast. If you find yourself in a dire need. Like in that last fight. Yes. Yes. If you break it and consume its contents, you will be granted immense power. Really? Indeed. But only in times of great need. I trust I don't have to emphasize how important that is. Grog, make a deception check. Shit! Come on big whammy. I'm so proud of you, Travis. However this goes, I'm so proud of you. Yes! 15.",Insight
Perception,"(all laugh) I've been waiting for it. Okay. That's all. All right. So as you all go to rest for the evening, Pike, the granted presence here through Sarenrae's will begins to withdraw. Her strength through the divine gate to keep you in this, seemingly drained. You sense that you'll be returning back to Emon until you're retrieved by your allies here. Okay. So, you'll only have a short time. As the rest of you guys go to rest for the evening and you all go to sleep, Percy, Keyleth, Vax, Vex, and",Perception
Insight,"He's getting into beading, it's odd. (all laugh) I give him a big hug. Everybody needs a hobby. No, it's great. Macrame might be mine. Pike runs up and gives you a big hug. Stress relief. I give him a big hug. Thank you. Hello, Tary. Hello, Pike. In the flesh, this time. I hope that you've seen that I've been doing as you asked every night.",Insight
Insight,"fine, dear. Yeah. That's very fair. She turns and Erwen comes up, you see him, you know, the very very old halfling male with his long gray ponytail. ""And it is great to see all of you once more."" Erwen! Erwen. You're still alive! Yeah, how did you manage? We thought natural causes might, you know. Yeah. ""Which was very possible, yes.""",Insight
Investigation,"this offense. Come back when you're serious. Cloak of smashing, title, whatever. I'm sure you're very smart. You'll think of something. You want another title? I'll keep this as a deposit though. (all laugh) Shit. Just give him another title. Oh dear. All right, so you guys go to the library. What're you looking for specifically? What're we doing? Researching something. Hotis? And like the Nine Hells. Hell.",Investigation
Investigation,"Question. Yes? DM? What would will-- is that wisdom? That's like wisdom modifier. Okay. Generally, like wisdom saving throw. That's generally the kind of willpower tests elements of it. Did Shaun say to read it or to open it, do we remember? He said whoever read it had to be careful. Read it. Okay. Do I see any kind of trap to the lock?",Perception
Investigation,"Yeah, you've done a couple of things. But it's not an ability you have. No? Well, you do have an ability, but it's only for you, it's not for Doty. You own a cardboard box with a bunch of stuff. So here's what we do. First and foremost, you have to go to the town and gather supplies because your disguise kit is designed for very small prosthetics and things. This is a large endeavor. This is five times that. Yeah. So I'm going to need you to roll an",Investigation
Persuasion,"She looks over the top. ""Yeah?"" Hi! Taryon Darrington. New member of the group. Hi. ""Hi."" Yes, we're working on a very important project. It's an undercover mission in a foreign land, and we're going to need a disguise. Specifically, a wig, a convincing wig. We all thought that it might be a good idea to have some real hair for this wig, and, well, you have beautiful hair. I wouldn't mind if you would lend it to the cause. I'd like to buy your hair for 100 gold pieces. (all laugh)",Persuasion
Perception,"Wow, well done. Got all your hair-- Could you do that to me? Where did you get the hair? Where is the hair from? What is it? I've got some tricks up my sleeve. (laughs) Did you pull it like a patch off and it turns into a bunch of hair? Maybe. Maybe I did. God, magic is amazing. Did you get glue all over my robe that I put on him? Maybe. Maybe I did.",Investigation
Insight,"""Well, yes."" It's an evil tome. ""I can only assume it is, you are right."" We came to Vasselheim to dispose of it. My sister has read it. Parts of it, and-- (whispers) All of it. It's foul. It should not be allowed to exist. ""We can ensure that it falls into no hands beyond this temple. However, we do have to ""research the contents, you understand. The necessity of understanding the evils and darkness ""that are out there, that when they arise we can properly counter them.""",Insight
Investigation,"it, whether it's in a hundred years or a thousand years, and she doesn't want it and-- Well, they're holding the Horn of Orcus. Playing devil's advocate. Yeah, they already have that. They don't have this. Then let's go to the Raven Queen's temple. All right. Do you want to go now? Yes. Let's go. Okay, while you guys make your way to the Raven's Eyrie, we go to you two. You guys are currently looking for a library. Who wants to make",Investigation
Persuasion,"I'm sure that there must be somebody in charge. ""I apologize, I am--"" I'm sorry-- ""I'm going to have--"" I am Keyleth of the Air Ashari and this is Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III. Close enough. We're a part of the group Vox Machina, we've been through here before, we're part of the Slayer's Take. This is a matter of great importance, so if there is any type of upper management we could talk to-- (all laugh)",Persuasion
Perception,"have just arrived that are in the process of being researched and copied, there are a number of these monks that are at different tables in the process of making copies of books, this is specifically a repository for the gathering and guarding of information. In the center of the chamber, there is a spiral staircase that leads to an upper platform that has another series of chairs, either a research or reading section, and there are only a handful of people on the interior that are not dressed in the same way that these monks are, but each one of them is attended by a monk. And you-- Anyone look familiar? Any uniforms that look recognizable?",Investigation
Stealth,"(sing) We built Dis city on-- Inter-planar travel. I can Plane Shift there. I do a very detailed look at what the Iron City of Dis seems like-- I'll sketch a little bit of it out of the book, as well. Okay, cool. And there are some descriptors in there, some mild sketches. One thing it does speak of is the Tower. The Iron Tower of Dispater which is, essentially, this massive central structure to the city where the actual archdevil himself looks down upon the city and keeps watch over most business that he can.",Stealth
Deception,"heavy fur cloaks over their shoulders, holding spears. ""You!"" Uh! ""You walk with strange company. What's your business here in Vasselheim?"" We are wandering merchants, trying to find some textiles to buy to resell in other lands. That's all. Don't mind my traveling companions. They're my protectors. I travel as a merchant with a lot of coin, so I found these two at a leper colony and nursed them back to health. It was also a gym, a muscle-man place, so they're really buff. But they're also lepers. And that explains their matted hair.",Deception
Perception,"find the health potions at the same time? Guide me. You've been doing this longer. No, you're really doing well. I'm learning a lot right now. Clearly, you are a well-traveled man of mystery. All right, I've read about situations like this, right? We just need to create a diversion. While the guards are diverted, we run away, fast as we can, right? I literally told you about that one minute ago. Yes. (all laugh) Here's my plan.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Yeah. So, the guards are closing the gap a little bit. You guys pick up pace, they pick up pace a little bit. You get to the outside of the building. The doors are closed. You open them and get inside. The warm interior is lit up. You can see there's nobody else currently inside, except for your old friend, the potion-seller, who's currently reading what looks to be some sort of a-- you're not actually sure what's inside the book, but it's a small, handheld book, and he's reading through, bored. ""No. No. No."" No, no. She's not here. It's just me and my new, rich friend. Rich.",Investigation
Persuasion,"How much is that? I'm looking right now for the scroll that's here. You have to read the scroll, right? I could read it to you. If that's what you're asking. He looks you over. ""The scroll I would put at a fair 6,000 gold pieces."" (gulps) Watch how it's done. I'm going to put an amount of gold on the table. I'd like you to consider it, and if it's to your liking, take it, and if not, just shake your head. And I'll put 200 gold on the table. I'll put 200 more. I'll put 2,000 more. And another 2,000.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"and not-- Tary, this man drives a really well-known establishment. If we leave here, after having struck that bargain, and we don't pay? There will be more guards outside. (gulps) How about this. I can trade you something worth far more than the extra 3,000 gold this gentleman promised you. ""What would this be?"" It's a rare egg. Magical in nature. It can save a life, in any situation. And if you eat it when you are nearly dead, you will go back into battle with the strength and bravery of ten men, and you will not rest until your foes are dead.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"Even I can tell that those are two-- I have an even better idea! I take the cask of ale out of the bag of holding, and I just start pouring ale all over them. Why would they be in here drinking? They're guards on duty! They're terrible guards. They make horrible life choices. They're in the wrong line of work. I take two chalices and I throw it in their laps. Cool. Now I need you to vomit on them. I can't vomit. Do it right now. Put your finger down your throat and puke on these guards.",Intimidation
Insight,"start pouring ale all over them. Why would they be in here drinking? They're guards on duty! They're terrible guards. They make horrible life choices. They're in the wrong line of work. I take two chalices and I throw it in their laps. Cool. Now I need you to vomit on them. I can't vomit. Do it right now. Put your finger down your throat and puke on these guards. Make an intimidation check, Grog. 17! Puke on those fucking guards! What do I roll?",Intimidation
Deception,"Make a constitution saving throw. Natural 20. About 30 seconds of you trying to gag yourself pass, before the shop owner comes back, with these beautifully packaged healing potions. ""All right, so--"" One second! One second. I'm really sorry. These two gentlemen obviously have been off their ass. They came in here, smelling of booze, looking for something to make them feel better, I don't know, and they just passed out in the corner. Is there someone you know that we can call? I really hate just leaving them here.",Persuasion
Investigation,"I'm just going to hold on to that. Are you going to hold on-- Do we have a bag to put that in? We have Grog's bag of holding, the same one we've always had. Hey, is there somewhere we could buy a fucking bag of holding? They're kind of rare. They're not expensive. To Grog, they're rare. But you could ask around and try to find somebody. It'll take a little time. You guys are right now hitting the cusp of dawn. Sorry, dusk. Is there somewhere I could find before things close? Just to see?",Investigation
Investigation,"it. That's not a good thing. I think it's a good idea. That may not be a good thing. Do you want to come with me? Yes. I hook him by the arm and we just start off. Find a bar! I'll get things packed? It was my idea! Go fuck yourself. Love you! I look at Vex. Dresses? Oh, everything's fucking closed! Oh goddamnit, Pittsburgh. Are there dress shops open? At all?",Investigation
Insight,"-- just unconscious. Maybe he just punched them a couple times. Greg knows. Yep. Ah, that's close enough. Did you kill them, with those punches of fury? Did you? I did. Are you sure? Did you check? I don't know. I'm really strong these days. Grog.",Insight
Insight,"Maybe he just punched them a couple times. Greg knows. Yep. Ah, that's close enough. Did you kill them, with those punches of fury? Did you? I did. Are you sure? Did you check? I don't know. I'm really strong these days. Grog. Insight check Grog.",Insight
Deception,"Grog. Insight check Grog. I'm joining in on this insight check. I call bullshit. (laughs) Sure. Well, that's a one. (laughs) I'm not wasting Luck on it. He fucking killed two people. 13. Jeez, man. Grog. It was like an act of mercy, really. Did they attack you?",Deception
Insight,"Well, yeah, Trinket is well-behaved. That's fair. Doty kills people. Well, to be fair, Greg killed the people. Yeah. Doty merely roughed them up. And to be even more fair, they'd been drinking all day. Smelled like alcohol. (all laugh) And he does. Are we still buying this? No way we'd buy that delivery! (laughs) You bet your ass you do, that's a 20!",Insight
Insight,"that, so we need to take these men to a temple where somebody can help them! Oh, God, look, fine, they're not dead! I don't believe you. (sighs) No, I just knocked the life out of them, but they're not dead, right, wiretapping does not mean dead, all right? (all laugh) It was in quotations. Yeah. Dead. Okay, look, they're fine, they might be covered in beer, we don't really need to go back for them.",Insight
Insight,"is? ""I'm afraid I do not."" No. ""Look, it's all right. I understand, I-- many people just assume because of the way I look ""that I know a lot about devils and demons."" No! No, no, no! I-- But I really don't. I'm sorry. No, it's all right. Sorry. ""It's okay. I just--"" Yeah, we're-- we're kind of grasping at straws so I hope we didn't offend. ""No, no offense taken. Just-- I wish I could be of more help. I'm sorry.""",Insight
Insight,"No. ""Look, it's all right. I understand, I-- many people just assume because of the way I look ""that I know a lot about devils and demons."" No! No, no, no! I-- But I really don't. I'm sorry. No, it's all right. Sorry. ""It's okay. I just--"" Yeah, we're-- we're kind of grasping at straws so I hope we didn't offend. ""No, no offense taken. Just-- I wish I could be of more help. I'm sorry."" (whispers) Insight check. ""Any other phrases?""",Insight
Perception,"There's an omnipresent iron tower that's watching. Is there a-- I mean, iron tower? It's more the 'omnipresent' part that was really the point of that, but yes. I thought you said an eye on a tower, and I was like, that's a different tower. That's a different tower. That's copyrighted, I'm well aware. Percy's got a good point. We might want to try and get out of the street. Get indoors. Yeah. Can I perceive anywhere that looks like where travelers would stay?",Perception
Stealth,"grays that everything's built from, nothing belies an exterior that would seem to be welcoming to a traveling pack of people, at least not from your current standpoint. And remind us, it's dim or it's not super bright here, is it? Dark? No. It's not super dark either. Imagine a very very very very cloudy day around sunset. Well. I don't know what to do other than to-- Does it look like there's anybody around us that can see us? Anybody watching? (laughs) Are you trying to be stealthy? I mean, I'm glancing subtly, trying to look like a badass but also stealthy.",Perception
Nature,"The tower's in every direction. So, whichever direction it is, that's the way we'll head. Wow. That's true. So it's that way. And also that way! Some people go both ways. I feel like if I were going to build a giant tower that couldn't be ignored, I would have that be the center of anything and every place. It may not even matter. Let's take a stroll and see a lay of the land. As we start taking a stroll, can I do a",Nature
Nature,"way we'll head. Wow. That's true. So it's that way. And also that way! Some people go both ways. I feel like if I were going to build a giant tower that couldn't be ignored, I would have that be the center of anything and every place. It may not even matter. Let's take a stroll and see a lay of the land. As we start taking a stroll, can I do a nature check to see if I can spot any native beasts, insects, etc.? Native animals, birds.",Nature
Perception,"I feel like if I were going to build a giant tower that couldn't be ignored, I would have that be the center of anything and every place. It may not even matter. Let's take a stroll and see a lay of the land. As we start taking a stroll, can I do a nature check to see if I can spot any native beasts, insects, etc.? Native animals, birds. Make a nature check. Critters, and the usual. Sure. This would be more perception, actually because you're trying to pick up details in the scenery.",Nature
Investigation,"So, it's like a hellish financial district, there's just nothing there. Loosely, yeah. It looks like Detroit on Halloween. Purge! Love you, Detroit. It's been a while. Yeah, man. Devil's Night, it's great. Hell. So, you follow. As Doty's (stomping) behind Tary, staying as close to the middle of all of you guys and shielding himself between your various bodies. You continue to follow Percival as you step through, paying attention. Go ahead and make",Investigation
Perception,"inside, another one of those large, lanky, skeletal-looking devils with the giant scorpion tail lurches out, and sees all of you clustered over, and begins to rush up quickly and grabs the side of where the hook is jammed into the wall and just breaks it out with its bare strength, and yanks the lemures closer. (speaks Infernal) You see its jaw almost seems to disconnect and unhinge for a moment as it gets impossibly long and its tongue (slurping noise) and begins to just walk away from you guys down the road, dragging these lemures behind it from the chains. As soon as he opened the door, I wanted to get a look inside of where he came out.",Perception
Stealth,"That won't go poorly. Nope! Get. The fuck. Out of my nightmares. (Minnesotan accent) ""Hello, we're from outta town, y'know?"" (Minnesotan accent) ""Oh, don't ya know?"" (Minnesotan accent) ""Yo, I got my Polaroid with me."" ""Oh, hello."" ""Oh, hello."" And we all fall out. And we all die. Too much Fargo lately. As you tail this from a distance, go ahead",Perception
Perception,"wanted to shank someone in an alley. I've done that, actually, that's true. I knew you had. Do I see any buildings that look like people are coming in and out raucously? Not yet, no. What if we walked for a while and looked back. Let's give it ten minutes, and then we'll figure something out. We'll take a left at the next main thoroughfare. Okay. He's going to keep an eye out for anybody watching us.",Perception
Perception,"It changes. As soon as you become aware of the horizon, it becomes oriented wherever that awareness is. How about I watch any of the people, the humanoids, or anything like that, that are together-- Can I see them talking, does it look like any of them are speaking Common, if I'm trying to read their lips-- They're quite a ways away from you. You're not able to make out any detail. I'll walk in the direction, just get in the area that they're in, so that I can try to read their lips. Once again, I want to keep an eye out,",Perception
Perception,"black hair with a shock of white that curls to the front. Her skin is a deep reddish brown, tan color, and her armor is a dull gray, like a cloth-patterned armor? But she seems to have at her side a very wicked-looking scimitar that is hanging at her belt, and she rests her arm on it, casually. You look just past them, and you can see they have two sacks resting on the ground as they're having this conversation, and a cage. Empty? The cage is not empty, there is something inside, but you're not quite close enough to make out any details. You can just see there is a cage and some shape inside.",Perception
Stealth,"color, and her armor is a dull gray, like a cloth-patterned armor? But she seems to have at her side a very wicked-looking scimitar that is hanging at her belt, and she rests her arm on it, casually. You look just past them, and you can see they have two sacks resting on the ground as they're having this conversation, and a cage. Empty? The cage is not empty, there is something inside, but you're not quite close enough to make out any details. You can just see there is a cage and some shape inside. You make a perception check. That's cocked. (deep voice) 27.",Perception
Deception,"Ten feet behind you. I signal at you to come over. I don't want to look like I'm talking to the people, yet. I'm just walking in their direction, and I lean over to my brother and say, God I hate this place, don't you? Yep. Pretty much. (exhales) It's so hot. I wish we were back home. Everything fucking looks the same. Right. Nondescript bullshit. I make eye contact with the woman as I say it.",Persuasion
Perception,"through. The streets are becoming far more dense. You are seeing more humanoids of different races, you're seeing more of the lesser devils coalescing in these center spaces, and you do see what appears to be some semblance of what you would call a devilish tavern. There is no music, there is no lively chatter, but you do see what looks to be chairs, you look to see what seems to be a common area where some entities are sitting and partaking in food of some kind. As we move through the streets, I just want to trail behind Vax and take a look at if anyone's reacting to him unusually, or taking notice of him.",Perception
Insight,"see that same dark red-skinned devilish-looking man who was paying attention to you all is currently meeting his gaze directly and gives him a nod. Oh, no no no! This ain't no Hostel situation! Aw, hell no. I think he might be the owner. That makes sense-- but still, still, no. No, we're not going to go in here to be sold in the middle of the night. We're good, we're good. Are we cool? I think we're cool. Just let it play out.",Insight
Persuasion,"Kind of shoves them forward towards you. ""Premium."" And he reaches down. You hear the clanking of some sort of glass-like instruments and he pulls up these small, almost dull gray-looking sponge-like stones that are about that large. Kind of puts one out in front of each of you. Takes the coins. (sighs) Goes and walks back-- Wait, before he walks away. How long have you owned this space? ""Oh, I don't own it. I just work here."" Who runs it, then? ""Why you asking so many questions, girl?"" I'm curious, big man. That's all.",Persuasion
Investigation,"No, it's just a bed in New York City in July. I open up the bag of colding and just like put my face next to it. Don't fall in. No, I just want to breathe in the cold. Don't lick it, either. Wait, should we all go to one room, then? Yeah. And I want to look all around the room and see if anybody's watching, if there's any kind of holes in the wall. Yeah, is there any kind of bugs or any-- bugs.",Investigation
Intimidation,"arguing the opposite of that. I'm saying for once, maybe, I mean, you're a very good talker. Why don't we send the person who's good at talking down? Instead of on a lark, sending down, you know, the brute to talk. Yeah, but everything I've tried hasn't worked so far. Maybe they're immune to persuasion down here and maybe all they need is a little (grunts) a little jostle. Maybe you haven't been lucky. Maybe you need to give it another shot. I mean, your average is a little bit better than the Big Man's. Yeah. We could go back to old-school days and I could always go Minxie.",Persuasion
Stealth,"And they're kind of rogue agents. I'm hoping no one questions this. Okay. So you have succubus. Shit. Okay. Mm. Just-- quick loop. Ermahgerd. Okay. Yeah, ermahgerd-- Ermahgerd. I, as the tiefling, walk out of the tavern, just very intent on my direction. As I walk out of the building, I take a left, hang down an alleyway, check over my shoulder, make sure no one's watching and then (fwoof) into a succubus and take off.",Stealth
Deception,"including myself. So I am asking-- ""Silence. You will bring us the white one, or you will be tribute yourself."" What do you want with him? There's no response. I don't think you'd want me as tribute, so you'd best bet tell me what you want with him, because maybe we could strike a deal. ""The white one caught the attention of a creature that I wish to see pleased."" Well, is this creature willing to make a deal? Because the white one belongs to me. ""You have ownership of the white one?"" Of course.",Deception
Intimidation,"As you finish the incantation, your skin goes to a pale white, your eyes becoming dark, deep red with these little burning, golden coals for pupils. The rest of your skin grows fair but thick, with a very, very fine series of scales across it as these giant black, red wings emerge from your back and unfold. As they extend past you in both directions, enveloping both sides of this alleyway, both the chain devil and the dwarfish entity stop in their tracks and take a couple of steps back, looking at you intensely. (deeper voice) You know, I never did catch your name. What do they call the two of you?",Intimidation
Perception,"submissive, apologetic physicality, without even saying a word. Oh, what's the matter! Where're you going? Just let 'em, just let 'em go! And then I turn around, and I (strained) just start walking cool-- You can fly! (whimpers) Yeah, I can fly! That's also, this is a concentration spell. Yes it is. So, I can't do-- Okay, so I'm going to, as I-- Is anyone looking around? Anyone looking around right now?",Athletics
Religion,"My glasses. Your-- (laughs) (laughter) You! You! I'm not going to fall for that! It was worth-- the joke was worth the ring alone, I would imagine. We were going to give it back, we just want to see it. So that big demon, that like body slammed me on that spike? Piece of shit. I took this ring off of his finger, forever ago. And I kept it. I take it out. Let's have a look! I'll cast Identify on it. Okay. The ring has no specific magical properties to it, but it is a signet of some kind.",Religion
Investigation,"little, writhing-- I did see those knives, right? You did, but also-- Yeah, I mean he was just a-- Like a cat baby wrapped in bacon when we saw him. Yeah, he had a tiger-skin hoodie. I don't know if he would still have those items. No, the objects would not reform with him. He would reform without-- All the material possessions that Hotis had on his body when you killed him were left behind. Does there look like there's a weird oddities store or dealer or--",Investigation
Intimidation,"the Bastion of Flesh? ""No, no, I do not go there."" Why not? ""Because it is for fleshy types."" And he nudges this long, jagged chin  these gnashing teeth that are crooked and overlapping as it spits as it speaks in your direction. Charming. Where is it located? We need in. ""What?"" And then I slowly start to Shapechange just for the erinyes face, and I give just a flash of it. We need in. And you're going to help me, aren't you?",Intimidation
Insight,"You don't have it. (whispers) No, but she does. Oh. But she doesn't? I do. He has it. Oh. I dunno who has it. The ring! It's on his pinkie. He went to Jared! (high-pitched singing) It can only be Jared! Jared! ""I can not help! I don't know."" And he just lowers his head in a shameful worrying. You can see his knees are quivering ever-so-gently.",Insight
Insight,"Oh. But she doesn't? I do. He has it. Oh. I dunno who has it. The ring! It's on his pinkie. He went to Jared! (high-pitched singing) It can only be Jared! Jared! ""I can not help! I don't know."" And he just lowers his head in a shameful worrying. You can see his knees are quivering ever-so-gently. I want to insight check him to see if he looks like he's--",Insight
Perception,"of your cloak and pulls you in, points past your shoulders, his long jagged curved claw, and you notice as two more of these flying entities that scoot by, one of them perching on a building across the way, wearing the golden armor, stop and, ""The Whisperers."" And then pushes you back out of the street and you hear the shifting of metal behind you, as a large slab is shifted to close the front of the shop. I use Alter Self to go to my tiefling form. All right. I want to keep an eye out for all of those imps in gold.",Perception
Insight,"That would be nice. That would be-- quite pleasing. As you do that, he grabs the paper and pulls it over, and just takes his finger and writes it across, and as he does it amends the words in the contract in front of you to include the guide to lead you to where you're going, as well as allowing your equipment to also-- unharmed and unspoiled, and within your grasp. That will do. You do not have knowledge of whether or not our magics will work in that prison? ""I do not."" That's fair.",Insight
Stealth,"You guys have spoken with an imp before. And the imp (fwsh) out the window, grabs onto the side of the doorframe, and then scurries onto the outside and turns back around and looks inside. ""Come. Come."" We go. We follow. I will lead us. Do we need Pass Without A Trace? Yeah, I cast Pass Without A Trace on us. I'm Alter Selfing into my tiefling form. All righty. That being the case, you guys step outside onto the street and you watch as Vasa disappears down the same alleyway that you previously had nearly been assaulted in, Keyleth.",Stealth
Stealth,"nickname. Lemurs! You see clusters of lemures throughout the city. As well as low-level spine devils and some other fiendish creatures that are in the process of rebuilding and reconstructing buildings, and tearing down others. You start seeing elements of the city are constantly in a state of being restructured, rebuilt. Sometimes more grandiose, sometimes more awful and terrifying. And you get the sense that the city is in a perpetual state of flux. That gleaming, iron tower still just beyond your visual sight whenever you have to readjust your vision across the horizon. I need you guys to",Perception
Stealth,"I'm going to see if I can just vanish stealthily. Okay. Make it with disadvantage, because you are being actively watched. I am being actively watched? You can turn around the corner and attempt it, but you know. It is aware that you walked there, so your ability to slip out of its view once you break from its line of sight is going to be this check. I'm also going to-- Can I also use my boots of spider walking to see if I can crawl off the street a little bit and see if I can-- Sure, let's try it. Go ahead and make your",Stealth
Stealth,"it, and you watch as it goes in four different pieces and retracts into the tanglefoot bag muck once more. It got completely shredded, and the sections are withdrawn back and stuck to it as it is slowly now dribbling out of this massive glue on the side of the building, which is now starting to bubble from the heat from the side of this structure. Tar pits. I'm going to take this opportunity to try and turn another corner. Okay. The impish creature that was distracted by your stone is now attempting to catch up. I want the three of you to make one more",Stealth
Stealth,"being pulled out and brought to other elements of this city. Beyond that, as you glance over, you can hear this faint echoing sound of hundreds upon hundreds of voices, all moaning, screaming, squealing, in torturous pain. You don't have a view of what's causing it, but this whole area of this city just brings this terrifying presence of all the torment you'd expect from somewhere in the Hells. As you pause a moment, Vasa darts back, trying to usher you forward in the direction of the sound. ""Come, come, follow."" And then vanishes once again, appearing on the other side of the street, and then beckoning you once more. For the last leg, I need everyone to make",Stealth
Perception,"rectangular pattern, and then opens ever so slightly on a hinge that wasn't there before. After you. Well, that's my kind of ridiculous. He's not the hero we wanted, but he's the hero we need. (laughter) This door cost a lot of money, just so you know. Good to know. As you guys peer inside, ever so carefully, do you guys want to-- Very carefully, I want to just peek in.",Investigation
Perception,"As you guys peer inside, ever so carefully, do you guys want to-- Very carefully, I want to just peek in. Make a perception check. Do we still have Pass Without a Trace on? Yeah. Ah! Nah, I don't see shit. It is very dark inside, there's a faint bit of almost like candlelight out of view, you can see there's a shifting glow internally that seems to have a life of a small flame. I gently push my sister to the side and try the same.",Perception
Stealth,"as you've just peered past the door, but there does not appear to be any other moving or living creature in the chamber that you can see. So none of those forms are moving, breathing, anything, as far as I can tell. As far as you can tell. Yeah. You take a moment longer and you see the one on the far table is breathing. All right. We have some deadish things in here, kind of moving-- Dangerous things, or-- It looks like it. I'd like to go in and get a closer look. Is everybody cool with that?",Stealth
Investigation,"Heal her. How did you get here? That's a pretty long story. We've got nothing but time. (laughter) Is it safe to release you? Yes. Can I get off this table, please? What are we doing? Is she lashed to it? She is manacled to it. Both ankles and wrists are manacled to this table. I cast Cure Wounds on her. Are the manacles trapped at all? I'm going to check for traps.",Insight
Insight,"Yes. Can I get off this table, please? What are we doing? Is she lashed to it? She is manacled to it. Both ankles and wrists are manacled to this table. I cast Cure Wounds on her. Are the manacles trapped at all? I'm going to check for traps. Make an investigation check. Really high. Let's make a deal. We let you go, you don't let anyone know we're here, and you don't try to kill us. Okay.",Insight
Stealth,"Thank you. What the fuck happened to your face? Shit. Oh, this was preexisting, actually. Unfortunate home chemistry set accident. Ooh, are you an alchemist? It wasn't my chemistry set. Oh. At this point, you hear a (click) sound and a door beginning to open on the north end of the wall. Oh shit, hide! Hide under the table! I fall flat on the floor. I go still as a statue.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"No. Don't use the gun. I'm going to take my movement to run around him and shut the door. Okay. Using my boots. 'Cause my boots are already active. Right. The doorway is about the size of him, so you-- Oh, it's too big? I mean, it takes up the entire doorway, essentially, and it's just pivoting after it notices you guys, so you're gonna have to make a tumble check to try and make it past him. Oh, okay, hold on then.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"around him and shut the door. Okay. Using my boots. 'Cause my boots are already active. Right. The doorway is about the size of him, so you-- Oh, it's too big? I mean, it takes up the entire doorway, essentially, and it's just pivoting after it notices you guys, so you're gonna have to make a tumble check to try and make it past him. Oh, okay, hold on then. An acrobatics roll, but yeah. I'll-- you know what, I'll do the",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"so you-- Oh, it's too big? I mean, it takes up the entire doorway, essentially, and it's just pivoting after it notices you guys, so you're gonna have to make a tumble check to try and make it past him. Oh, okay, hold on then. An acrobatics roll, but yeah. I'll-- you know what, I'll do the acrobatics roll to try and shut the door, and-- Okay, so you're trying to, basically, as he goes to spin around, you dash forward, and roll into a tumble to try and pop up on the other side,",Acrobatics
Stealth,"got this shit! You got it! And I'm going to cast Enhance Ability, and I'm going to give him enhanced strength. So any strength checks you make are with advantage. Though you already have that while raging. Oh wait, what? When he rages he gets advantage on his strength checks. Make him smarter! Smarter, handsomer, more stealthy-- Can I make him smarter? Or more stealthy? I'm going to give him enhanced dex. Okay, Cat's Grace. So you have advantage on",Stealth
Perception,"Is anybody right next to it? Tova's right next to it. All right, so that's Sneak Attack damage. So that is four plus eight is 12, plus psychic damage, that's 19, plus the Sneak Attack damage is 22, 26, 27, 32, 37, 40, 44 total. Okay. You eviscerate the lemure. You watch as you jam your dagger through it multiple times, and each section you carve off of it, it splits open, leaving these stringy tendrils of flesh and tendon behind as it wails and shrieks to the ground, slowly dissipating into a thick sludge. For my new vantage point, do I see the winged creature that you had referenced?",Stealth
Stealth,"female devil who is pushed into the wall and torn into the chest terribly. You guys just see and hear this in the distance, you don't actually watch the impact happen, but you hear the screaming and Trinket roaring as it strikes into it. Shit. Well, that's loud. Hey buddy, try to stay quiet! You get the sense that it's going to be real hard to try to maintain a sense of stealth in this stronghold now. So that ends your turn. Grog, you're up. I run after-- I use my bonus action to hide as well.",Stealth
Perception,"Women are powerful, and amazing. That's right. It was just very high-pitched, is what I mean. Right, and there's nothing wrong with that. Except it gives away our position in this endeavour. But did you see? I slew that-- slew? Slayed? Is slew a past tense of slay? Slew. Do I have any way of knowing if this is Utugash in the next room? Can I do a wisdom check with my bear smell?",Perception
Perception,"as it splatters across the ground, sizzling there. Oh my god. Dexterity. Do you have advantage on that? Because of my thing? Yeah! I had advantage already, but that's cool. Okay. (laughs) Yeah, he doesn't get saving throws, he gets skills from you, but he has advantage on saving throws from traps. Still cool. Do I see anything through the doorway, from where I'm standing?",Athletics
Perception,"the Dwarven Thrower, though, the hammer. Right, right, the hammer, okay. Can I use my bonus action to go into a frenzied rage? You may. Thanks. And I don't get to attack. Yeah. What color is pit fiend blood? It's a dark, dark blackish-purple. All righty, that ends Grog and Tova's turn. Percival. That's looking really crowded over there. I'm going to wander over to that first prison cell and take a look inside that door. (gasps) Percival!",Athletics
Perception,"legendary action, and does another maneuver with his finger like that. He did another thing. He did another gesture? What gesture? What did he do? Oh, fuck! Same thing. He did this. Gang sign, gang sign. Oh no, people are watching. Was it this thing? So, at the top of the round-- The only people in the room right now, Keyleth is face-first on the ground. I need Tova and Grog to",Perception
Perception,"He did another gesture? What gesture? What did he do? Oh, fuck! Same thing. He did this. Gang sign, gang sign. Oh no, people are watching. Was it this thing? So, at the top of the round-- The only people in the room right now, Keyleth is face-first on the ground. I need Tova and Grog to make perception checks, if you could. What about Trinket? Trinket's got a really good sense of smell.",Perception
Perception,"You don't think so. He's in the fire, right? He's in the fire, yeah. Oh god. Is he making some sort of window that someone else could walk over? No, the flames curl around, sorry. All right, so that ends Taryon's turn. Good, I'm glad I used that last little thing. (laughter) Killed my best friend. Tary, it's your only friend! At the end of the turn, the pit fiend sticks a hand out of the flames and does this motion.",Athletics
Stealth,"That ends Taryon's turn. If I don't look, he'll go away! That brings us to Keyleth's turn. Where are the little pissant guys? There's one there right next to Grog, and one right next to Doty. So there, and there. I'm going to hop through the window again. I'm going to cast Sunbeam. Are you gonna move in to try and get them both in the same path? Yeah. Sunbeam it is. Matt, can I use my bonus action to at least Hide?",Stealth
Athletics,"can do that. Is that what you want to do? Let me-- can I grab this cage and put it between-- this cage is just sitting out, got to do something. Can I throw the cage at that guy who's standing there? He's there, right? You can. Go ahead and make a strength check. You have advantage because you are in your bear form. (laughs) That is a 14. 14 is fine, that's enough. No, wait. 13. What? Didn't you roll an eight? Plus your strength of ten. So 18. Oh yeah. Bears are great at math.",Athletics
Intimidation,"12,300 gold. So you have that at your disposal now. I go over, and I'm really happy to put my armor back on over my cool bear bikini that I have on. (laughter) Your bear-kini. As you're putting your armor on, you open the far door on this end, and as you do, suddenly bursting through is a lemure. (groans) Comes towards you with its horrible, fleshy mound just reaching out in your direction. I threaten it down, and say, run. And owe Orthax your freedom. Run!",Perception
Deception,"manacles out from sacks and satchels. Two of them immediately charge up and begin shackling Grog, multiple layers of chain and manacles across your arms and legs. They shackle you up and begin to spread into the next room, coming to the rest of you guys. They charge in and begin just, throat manacle, to arms, to ankles, each with somewhat slack chains and has a specific lead chain attached to the center of the whole ensemble. They go from person to person, they throw them on you, though you angrily give in to it. Keyleth, as you approach, one of them turns to you and goes (speaks Infernal). (speaks fake Infernal)",Perception
Perception,"minutes of walking, when there's a crowd gathered around, some of the devils will go ahead and crack one of you in the back of the knee and give off a showing of ownership and a general sense of cheer emerges with each person that gets smacked in the back of the head or thrust down. Percival, you get, at one point, hit along the side of the jaw and you feel the blood fill the side of your mouth, as you wish you could rub it with your hand, though the way the chains are pulling prevent you from raising your arm too high. You hear the hissing and the occasional rocks being thrown from the distance as you're pulled through. Vex and Vax, go ahead and roll",Perception
Investigation,"Which are in the satchel on the other side of the bags, right? So you Thorn Whip that over. You catch it. You rummage through the pouch that he usually keeps his equipment in. You find the lockpicks that Vax usually uses. I got it! Okay, bring it over here, love. Okay. Do you have any extra? You can pass them to me and I can maybe help. Already doing it while she's-- Are there any other extra lockpicks in here?",Investigation
Investigation,"keeps his equipment in. You find the lockpicks that Vax usually uses. I got it! Okay, bring it over here, love. Okay. Do you have any extra? You can pass them to me and I can maybe help. Already doing it while she's-- Are there any other extra lockpicks in here? Make an investigation check. Am I at disadvantage or anything because I'm-- You are, because you're strung up.",Investigation
Investigation,"best as you can. You hear the gate in the distance open, so now you know, whoever was giving chase, they're now starting to pick up behind you. You come up to what looks to be a right and left. Wait, what? Wait, only a right and left? But we have two straights in a row! We go straight! Yeah. Is there any hidden door here? Search for a hidden door. We go straight into the wall! I'm searching for a door, as a bat. Straight, in the door, keep going straight.",Investigation
Perception,"This has been a weird day. Aren't you glad you're playing with us? Tary's got wings coming out of his head. As you guys are flying, in this new chamber it is pitch black. Thankfully, your vision allows you as best to see. Tova, you start having the recurring memory of the fact that you're not sure where they're going, where they're taking you, but you still have people in this prison. Yeah. Am I looking out? Do I recognize anything that we're passing? You have no idea where they are and you have no idea where you are currently. Can I use my heightened senses to do a",Investigation
Investigation,"behind. You hear conversation, different languages happening. They're getting a little more distant. You're catching some ground here, and it's going well. Eventually you make your way-- Jesus, there's another whole fucking map? The doors, always. This is Matt Mercer we're talking about. I'm looking for fucking traps. You guys make your way down to the end of this chamber, and you see three different doors that are all closed off, to the front, to the right, and the left. Fanged smiles. Fanged smile.",Investigation
Investigation,"attached to it. It's like the whole ceiling and upper portion of this chamber is made of chains that are feeding it. Do we have anything to freeze? To freeze? Yeah. We have our shit back, right? Yeah. If we can freeze him in place, maybe. He's made of metal. 25 to 20. 24. 24. 21. Tova. And what did you roll for your",Investigation
Investigation,"15 to ten? 13. Taryon? Two. Wow. Eight for Vax. All right. Vex, you're up first. Can I run to the other doors that Vax has been looking at? Which one of these are you checking? Huh? Which one of these doors are you checking? The far one in the back. Yeah. And I'll look for the symbol.",Investigation
Perception,"Okay, then I'm going to use my bonus to pop Trinket out. Okay. Trinket appears out of your necklace. I guess he was already out, wasn't he? Because we were running. Yeah, but you may have pulled him back in. It's fine. That's a waste of bonus. (laughs) No, I'm going to Hunter's Mark. So Trinket was out. I'm going to Hunter's Mark the guy. All right, I'll go with it. Hunter's Mark on the chain golem. Tova, your turn. Okay. I'm going to run over there behind the chain golem where Vex is. I'm going to do a",Athletics
Perception,"It's fine. That's a waste of bonus. (laughs) No, I'm going to Hunter's Mark. So Trinket was out. I'm going to Hunter's Mark the guy. All right, I'll go with it. Hunter's Mark on the chain golem. Tova, your turn. Okay. I'm going to run over there behind the chain golem where Vex is. I'm going to do a perception check. I guess I'll check out this last door. Okay. Can I do a general sense of smell for the whole area and see if I smell anything coming from any of these prisons?",Perception
Investigation,"any of these prisons? Sure. Make a perception check as you're rushing in. What about symbols? Do you see anything? With advantage. Yep. All right. So that is a 23. 23. The chambers seem to have various scents that kind of mix in this area. The one on the far end has this ancient, dusty, decay smell to it. The one on the opposite side of the chamber has a weirdly iron, rusty old metal scent, and the doorway that you're at right now has a very strong scent of sulfur. Is there anything on the door?",Perception
Athletics,"cube, right? Yeah, again, you can see out. These metal beams going up that lead to nothing, and are just sort of mangled. Wait, give me a boost, I'm going to climb up the beam. Okay. I'm going to try to climb up the beam, because it's covered in vines, right? I can grab on to something. Absolutely. Okay. I'm going to try to climb up to the top. Okay, we'll help.",Athletics
Perception,"the whole jungle you're in, sunlight does come down and in, but it's pretty dim overall, and everything is tinted with that color. And you see these lumps of hardened, what look like-- they don't have the texture of coconuts. They have the texture of a chestnut, maybe. But they're just growing out of spots on trees. Some are hanging from a vine on different trees. And you can't see where to go. Everything looks the same in different directions, although it is more open from this view, because down below, between these four beams, it's all wrapped around. And you see two little kids going like this. And I don't see any other sign of life?",Investigation
Stealth,"Okay! Oh, you know? Okay! It should be. I think it's Travis! Let's go! All right, so after you scuttle down and have this little mini child argument. It's not too hard, I mean, you just pull apart vines and plants, and you can push your way through. Be careful of the bulging sausages! Everything is slick to the touch, and you grease by it all-- Of the wet, bulging sausages! I think that's sound advice. Hashtag. Are you stealthing there? Yeah, yeah, we're sneaking.",Stealth
Nature,"Turgid. Turgid, yes. I want to break off a few sticks and try to turn them into sharp daggery sword things. That's fine, I'll be covered. You, Marisha, as you tear down a huge chunk, are just Carrie'd. Just (squishing noise) as you rip it off. When you break, whatever sap or whatever it is that's in there feels hot and is dark red and it spatters you. So you are now blooded. Does it smell like blood? Is it blood? Yeah, I'm going to smell it and do a little bit of a taste test.",Nature
Athletics,"Are you? Yeah. I'll go with it, and I have the stick, I'm just going to be like-- I'm going to hide behind the flower that Matt came out of. Okay, so you guys are all finding hiding places? Oh, we're hiding? I don't until everyone else starts-- It's getting closer. I hide. It's multiple locations, too. Can I climb the tree that I broke off?",Athletics
Stealth,"smack your head on a rock and you take one hit point of damage. I immediately drop Taliesin and rush over to make sure she's okay. No, don't! I'm fine! Okay, Taliesin, you take one hit point of damage as you hit your head on a rock on the ground. I'm going to hide in a creek. Just like when I was 12, I can't do anything right! Jesus, don't try to fix it! Just don't try to fix it! There is six, seven-- you're hiding? Okay,",Stealth
Stealth,"I immediately drop Taliesin and rush over to make sure she's okay. No, don't! I'm fine! Okay, Taliesin, you take one hit point of damage as you hit your head on a rock on the ground. I'm going to hide in a creek. Just like when I was 12, I can't do anything right! Jesus, don't try to fix it! Just don't try to fix it! There is six, seven-- you're hiding? Okay, make a stealth check. I'm hiding, as well.",Stealth
Intimidation,"I will get ready. I'll cock my hand. Cock a rock. Cock rock. Cock rock. Okay, Ashley. You're up. Okay! I'm going to take the dead skinned cat from my belt and hold it by the tail, and say, (shouting) All right, you motherfuckers! You better turn around and leave or I'm going to kill every last motherfucking one of you! I'm going to intimidate them. Intimidate, okay. They're cats. (shouting) I don't care if they're just cats!",Intimidation
Investigation,"going to dig it out. Or I'll try. Okay. You don't even need to make any kind of a check. Everything is so slick here, it just slides out. You can't lift the whole thing or hold the whole thing because it's eight feet long. As you pull it out, it's so soft, it breaks at one spot, but there's no question what that is. This is exactly a gate entry bar. I'm going to make a wild guess. I'm going to see if there's a little boxhouse nearby. Yeah, can I assist him on that? Sure. Where it would be, physically. I'm getting a sneaky suspicion--",Investigation
Investigation,"I have a theory about where we are. Well, we're at Warner Brothers. I feel like we're in the Upside-Down. Of life, or WB? Both. What? We're in the BW. (laughter) What do you guys want to do? Well, wait, if these are security booths here, maybe they have some handcuffs or something that we can get in there. Are there any working flashlights in the security booth?",Investigation
Survival,"There's lots of vines and rocks and sticks. There's nothing metal? Just Ashley. The last metal you saw was Ashley Johnson and what is presumably the base of the Warner Bros water tower. Can I, as we walk, with my handy-dandy tools that are here that I see that you've added. Can I start trying to fashion a slingshot? Out of cat gut? Yeah! Sure. Out of a nice little twig. Travis can attest I'm pretty good with slingshots.",Survival
Persuasion,"I'm going to join Marisha on the beach because I hate the water. Yes, I remembered. And it's cold. And this has kind of happened to me before. The whole monster thing? This whole thing has kind of happened. And, this is true, I'm going to say what I said last time. Do it. This is true, and you might know this. Mister Satan dude, we are totally ready to serve you! (laughter)",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Eight? Noted. Okay. I'm going to hold my full action until something happens. Okay, until what happens? Until they start moving within ten feet of me. Okay, got it. Sam, what would you like to do? I'm going to also join them on the beach. Okay. And similarly, I'm going to hold up the skull We serve the darkness as you do! We will do your bidding if you will let us! Please spare our lives so that we may serve yours!",Persuasion
Persuasion,"We serve the darkness as you do! We will do your bidding if you will let us! Please spare our lives so that we may serve yours! Make a persuasion check. 14. Okay, noted. Ashley, what would you like to do? Okay, I'm going to go up on the beach, and I'm going to join them in their persuasion, and I'm going to use the dead cat again. And I'm just going to take a bite of it. (laughter) You're Ozzy Osbourne and shit? We could have so hung out.",Persuasion
Religion,"Yes! What does that even mean, chew deep? With fogged-up glasses. Yeah, my glasses right are now are like every classic anime teacher, it's just too fogged where you can't see the eyes. It's just a straight white glare. I step out of the water towards this Oh great demogorgon, deity from upon the Abyss who brings its hordes to the shoreline, we are but humble servants, prostrate before you, granting you the power we have to offer as we ourselves traverse across many worlds. We have much gifts to grant you, and follow you to the ends of this plane.",Religion
Athletics,"Okay. Your body locks up. You can't move and he lets go. You fall into the water, frozen. That's nice! In theory, you'd be caught by my Unseen Servant. No, that vanished when you died. Oh, that vanished when I died! Oh no! You fall just in time to see this floating Taliesin go (wind whooshing). That would suck so bad. Sam, what would you like to do? I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm not okay! I climb up higher.",Athletics
Investigation,"and start backing up towards her the rest of my movement, holding the cables that are wrapped around the scaffolding. Okay. I'm gonna say that that's your whole turn, getting it primed and ready. Yes. What? Trying to pull the scaffolding onto it. All right, Marisha. Huh? 16-year-old in a mocap suit. What do you want to do? I thought I'd be famous by now. Okay. Wait. What? You're pulling-- okay. I'm gonna look for its power source.",Investigation
Investigation,"What? Marisha, what would you like to do-- At the end of my turn, I shout, just 'cause I'm really curious, let's not kill it yet, but definitely disable it! Noted. Marisha is up. I look at Matt, and I say, don't kill it? 'Kay. And then I look for its memory card. It's gotta have-- I'm thinking my production elements. Right, right, logic, I like it. Yeah. It's gotta have a memory card somewhere in there. How many gigs does it have? It's hard to say. But if I immediately remove it.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"didn't see what it said. These people have very poor cloud storage. That's all you need to know. Laura tries to get in front of Neil, and she starts pulling on wires coming out of the thing's head, and she yanks, but she's pulling, and it's not doing anything. She's really little. Really cute. She's so small, and the wires are not coming free, but she's trying, she's trying to save Neil Druckmann. Sam, what do you want to do? Me? I mean, I don't really know what these symbols and messages mean, so like the piece of scaffolding that fell down like this, can I run and sort of jump on it and do it again?",Insight
Intimidation,"split-second. Travis. Can I reach up to my mocap helmet and wrench the little GoPro camera that's surrounded by LED lights. Yes you can! Can I wrench it off and can I face it towards it, go, backfeed! You're using it like a talisman? Yeah, you know, like little fucking Hobbits, like you know, little Bilbo did, using the-- The LED light that's always in our face. I'll tell you what, I will not give you advantage, but I will give you a DM inspiration",Intimidation
Intimidation,"Okay, I get to that. All right, you're right up on it. And can I take it by the back of its neck and push it and be like, scream real loud! We need the feedback! (yells) And do anything or yell at it? And grab it by the back of its neck. You mean, the brace holding the iMac's screen up? Okay. And I go, scream! Scream for me! Okay. And that's it? Yeah. It's like Phantom of the Opera. Sing! Sing!",Intimidation
Investigation,"to lessen. You guys walking forward? Yeah. Running forward. Running forward? Yeah. I'm checking for traps. What are you talking about? You're a weiner. You've been running after everything that you've seen. Would you like to roll to check for traps? Yeah. All right, go for it. Are you a rogue? Nope. What do I do?",Investigation
Persuasion,"As you guys are having this conversation she comes up again and begins filling drinks. Oh, there was one more thing I want to say to you. She immediately sets the glass down and goes-- I am sorry, I-- Just don't, just-- I was taken before-- Just right out. I want to be on you! No-- I want to be on you so bad. No.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"you. ""There you go."" You look so busy. ""I am."" Could you do me a favor? ""Mm-hm."" If I give you like a lot of money, will you tell the guy over there that we had a sweet shag? Jesus. If you could hear the pop in her head of trying to contemplate what you just asked, it was audible over the music of the tavern. You look really busy, and I don't want to offend--",Persuasion
Deception,"Two plus one. Oh you put, oh, okay, there we go. (laughter) It's like two for-- Yeah. Nice. Okay. Maybe the only thing he knows. She goes, ""How much money is it?"" Shit, numbers. ""No."" And she walks away. Did she say no? She said no? She definitely-- All right, I walk back to the group. It's me and her later tonight. Wow. Yeah.",Deception
Insight,"Maybe the only thing he knows. She goes, ""How much money is it?"" Shit, numbers. ""No."" And she walks away. Did she say no? She said no? She definitely-- All right, I walk back to the group. It's me and her later tonight. Wow. Yeah. Make a deception check. (laughter) Can I roll against that? 20.",Deception
Insight,"disengages. Ha! Oh, that's a bit much. That's a bit much. That's right. What did you see? Nothing that interesting. Ugh, that doesn't feel good. Nothing that interesting, or something appallingly interesting? Believe me, I'd tell you if it was appalling. It was not appalling, it was fine. Is Tary okay? What are you thinking, man? He's fine, he's having a good-- That doesn't feel good. How do you do that? Ugh.",Insight
Persuasion,"that you guys first carved when you arrived in Whitestone from what was previously an abandoned tavern that has been reclaimed. As you enter, you can see now the covered windows have been reopened. The place, while not a fully functional tavern yet, is in the process of being renovated to start a business again soon. So as you enter the front door you see about five different carpenters or various workers that are in the process of renovating the interior that all turn. ""Can I help you?"" Yeah, actually. Don't mind me, I just have a treehouse to get to. And I walk through and go under.",Investigation
Investigation,"Do I just fucking go straight for it? What are you doing? What are you doing? I don't know! I don't know how to go find the lake that he came out of! You're the best! You're a fucking ranger! Do I remember what it smelled like? It's really fast, it was going through the trees. Do I remember a specific look? Do I remember hearing about a lake in the woods? You remember seeing it as it leapt, you got a very quick glimpse at its shape and its feet, its giant clawed fingers, its humanoid-like hands. You don't know of a scent, per se. Go ahead and",Investigation
Perception,"whatever it's charging. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. So as you're leaping and running and making the best possible path you can, eventually, the trail begins to grow a little cold, and you find a small glade-- A small poo. Yeah, I know. About 30 feet across. The trees open and there's this space and it's pristine, untouched. The trail ends entirely. It's just gone? What does that mean? Ceiling! Can I look up?",Perception
Survival,"I'm going to focus on that. Okay. As you sit there and focus, what level are you using? Level one? Yeah, so it's within a mile of me. Oh, up to six within my favored terrain. True. All right. You sense no nearby aberrations. Okay. Can I take another second and think about fiends? No, fey. Okay, you concentrate on fey. Nothing. Gosh darn it! Is there nothing in my Primeval Awareness? Okay. What are you doing, Vex'ahlia? I'm going to see if I can find any tracks.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"A bite attack, then. That is 12 plus nine. 21. That hits! Go ahead and roll damage for Trinket. Where's my d6? That yellow one. Nine. Nine points of damage for Trinket. Nice. It leaps into the air, arms out, jaw open towards you. It's going to make a bite attack towards you. That is a 23 to hit. That hits me, motherfucker. All righty. You suffer 19 points of piercing damage, and I need you to make an athletics or",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Oh god. The bite attack, that is 27. That definitely hits. Dodge, dodge, dodge, ugh! I can't watch, I can't watch. You have Uncanny Dodge yet? I don't have Uncanny Dodge yet, that's level five or seven or something. 14 points of piercing damage. (yells) Oh! I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive. Wait, is that true? Yeah, she's alive. I need you to make another athletics or",Athletics
Survival,"branches from the trees he fucking knocked over to set a fire around. You do notice that, because this area is very thickly wooded, setting a fire in the middle of the Parchwood Forest, probably not a good idea. Well, I'm going to do it in that opening right there. Look at that. I guess I can't, because-- You try and tug the creature, and even with Trinket's help, this thing weighs two tons. I feel like, as a hunter, I would know how to set a fire to something without setting fucking fire to the trees. I'm good at campfires.",Survival
Persuasion,"wife, kids, attachments? Anyone that would miss you? ""You think if I did I'd be drinking this hard?"" I'm going to take that as a no. Cool, hey, look, I don't know if you're interested, but I have, in my possession, something really cool. And I take out the Deck. Do you know what this is? ""I have no idea."" Great! Great! We're in the street, right? Yeah. You're near a thoroughfare and there's a small alley off to the side. Good. Follow me into this alley and it'll be a deal. Just follow me over here.",Persuasion
Investigation,"I will certainly be of help. I'm afraid I can't pay for us this vacation. No-no-no-no-no-no-no. This is Vox Machina's vacation. All right. This is a group vacation. This is what this is now. Well, let's find a resort of some sort. Or a relaxing spa! Or a--- Some sandals. (laughs) Yeah, sure. (laughs) All right. So who's helming this journey here? This search for-- I'll helm.",Investigation
Persuasion,"""So do you wish to stay or not?"" Well, 1500 gold it is. We wish to stay. That's fair. I think we wish to stay. I think-- We never spend money on ourselves. Yeah, we never treat ourselves. Yeah. Ultimately our time is worth far more than our money, so-- let's just go with that. That's very fair. ""All right! Fantastic!"" So you pay off the 1500. Mark that off on the party gold. You are given some keys-- How about some free drinks?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Oh my gosh! Maybe, how about-- If we don't get free food, what about-- As you're telling him this he goes, ""Well, I--"" That's right, because you trained in persuasion as part of the skills feat. That's right. All right, all right! (laughs) So your charisma is-- Sorry, just making sure on the math on this one. Don't want to get lost. What's your charisma? Two. 14. 14. Plus two. Plus-- So it would be plus eight, unless you had something else to add under",Persuasion
Investigation,"find. Sorry. It's okay. Next vacation. I turn to Pike and Vex and go, hey! Hey! Underwater tea party! Nope. Not doing that shit. Not doing that. (laughter) Are you going to join? I'm still trying to pressurize. (laughter) I want to find pearls! I'll go diving for pearls! Oh, yes! All right. Each of you who wants to go",Investigation
Nature,"Underwater tea party! Nope. Not doing that shit. Not doing that. (laughter) Are you going to join? I'm still trying to pressurize. (laughter) I want to find pearls! I'll go diving for pearls! Oh, yes! All right. Each of you who wants to go pearl-diving, make an investigation check. I want to. I want to go! Can I look for shark's teeth? That's fun!",Investigation
Perception,"(sliding sand) God fucking-- Grog! You stepped-- I mean, the central structure held the whole thing! I'm getting a sunburn because we've been here for so-- I think that was my fault. (laughter) (sighs) You know what? Just bury me again. Just do that. Bury me again. While that is happening, may I hide Taryon's clothing? Aren't you skin-diving? Time is loosey-goosey. Aren't we playing Dungeons and Dragons here? It's up to him.",Perception
Survival,"Where did it go? ""Tary."" Don't tell me ""Tary!"" Your number one job is to take care of me, and your number two job is to take care of my belongings! That stuff is worth more than you! ""Tary."" All right, just get me out of the hole. (impact noise) By your head. Ow! I hand him a seashell. I'm sorry. Let's go find my armor. I'm going to go look around for it.",Survival
Deception,"There were probably a couple, but they probably understood him, they just didn't respond. Eventually, you find your way to the resort. You're tired and you're sunburned and you're exhausted. You walk out and see him in this state. And by the way, I went to the front desk and I asked which room Mr. de Rolo was staying in, because I wanted to put some of his belongings there, and I hid the armor in Percy and Vex's room. You'd better have been able to actually convince them. Which is what I'm about to get to. Make a",Deception
Insight,"can. (yells) What are you doing? Why would you do it? Why? Do what? You have to be more specific. Dogs. Shitting and ruining everything in our room. What the fuck are you talking about? Dogs? I don't have any dogs. Don't you lie to me. I don't have any magic. I can heal a little bit and that's it. What are you talking about? They're not even magic dogs, they're just dogs! Can I roll to see if he's fucking telling the truth?",Insight
Deception,"(yells) What are you doing? Why would you do it? Why? Do what? You have to be more specific. Dogs. Shitting and ruining everything in our room. What the fuck are you talking about? Dogs? I don't have any dogs. Don't you lie to me. I don't have any magic. I can heal a little bit and that's it. What are you talking about? They're not even magic dogs, they're just dogs! Can I roll to see if he's fucking telling the truth? Make an insight check.",Insight
Acrobatics,"(laughs) I didn't expect it to go this way. I vaguely wonder what you actually had planned for this. Not all this! This is bedlam, at this point. This went in a whole different direction. A big title card comes over the frame: Night One. (laughter) Okay, yeah. It's athletics or acrobatics versus her athletics. Oh. Well, I will choose acrobatics. Motherfuck.",Acrobatics
Deception,"All right. (giggles) Wild dogs? Wild ocean dogs. Beach dogs. So at this point, while all this has happened, Guath, the gentleman at the front, sees the bear and is like, ""What is going--"" (yelps) The dogs go (barks) and jump past him. The slightly chubby halfling comes forward. ""What the fuck is going on?"" You tell us, man. ""No, you tell me. This is my place! Whose dogs were those?"" We have no idea. We came back and they were in our room, pissing on our stuff.",Deception
Arcana,"Yep. A guy that you met, you made him just rich and amazing. Yeah. Pretty much. I think it's a Deck of Fortunate Things. A Deck of Fortune? I think so. I mean, I haven't really looked at it too closely. Do you want to look at it with your knowledge? I mean, I don't, yeah. Yeah. I don't know if I have the knowledge, but I'll look at it. All right. I give her the deck.",Arcana
Perception,"somebody on the border requesting your presence."" Where? ""On the outskirts of Whitestone."" Okay. Yes. ""Someone who says they know you. You'd better come with us."" Okay. The two guards step back and-- do you walk with them? Yes. Are any of us with you? It's just her, at the moment. Does she walk past the Sun Tree when I'm having a random conversation with no one?",Stealth
Insight,"your next destination? Johann pops up and goes, ""We're always passing through, my dear, but we figured we'd just ""stay for a few days. However long it takes to get to know you a little better, and then we'll be on ""our way."" Did he say weeks? Did he slip that in? ""We could stay weeks, if you'd like!"" Well, you know, days might be more-- As long as you need. ""We've been traveling. We're very tired."" Pike's family is our family, really. Agreed. I just want to get a vibe on them. I want to",Insight
Insight,"""stay for a few days. However long it takes to get to know you a little better, and then we'll be on ""our way."" Did he say weeks? Did he slip that in? ""We could stay weeks, if you'd like!"" Well, you know, days might be more-- As long as you need. ""We've been traveling. We're very tired."" Pike's family is our family, really. Agreed. I just want to get a vibe on them. I want to do an insight check and see what I think of them. Can I assist him on that? Insight you can't-- you have to make an",Insight
Insight,"been? ""Well, I've been watching Ogden. Traveling and seeing the sights of the countrysides of ""Tal'Dorei. It's life on the road."" I know. I understand that. How are my parents? She looks around and goes, ""Well, we haven't heard from your immediate side of the family since ""your bastard father left for Wynandia across the sea. Good riddance. No offense."" No. None taken. ""That was a long time ago. I was young. But no, seriously. ""You're not missing much with them.""",Insight
Insight,"things that we have to do. We just got done fighting all the things. We're settling here. (groans) We have some things planned. Astra steps forward and takes your hand and she goes, ""It's all right, dear. We're not going ""to stay longer to make it uncomfortable. I'm sorry about these folks."" No, no. ""I married into the Trickfoots. I'm not bound to the same ridiculousness as these guys, so ""don't worry."" Okay.",Persuasion
Insight,"edge of your cheek and chin and he drops his cane, pulls his glasses off, and you see these tiny, dark beady eyes between the wrinkles and he goes, ""Pike."" Hi. ""It's so good to see you."" It's so good to see you. ""Thank you. You're a good one."" He puts his glasses back on and reaches out, and JB picks up a stick and hands it to him. He's like, ""Thank you."" Thank you, Uncle Ogden. Does it look like he really needs that cane?",Insight
Persuasion,"done. (laughter) All right, family's here tonight, so everything has to be on its best, all right? The best stuff we have in this kitchen. These are Trickfoots. We have to treat them right, and we have to treat them well. The staff stops and goes, ""Friend Taryon, I'm sorry, but the lady requested specifically ""that the meal not be--"" What lady? ""Lady Vex'ahlia."" She was being polite. These are good people. They need to be treated--",Persuasion
Insight,"""We've been helping out, but mostly me, yeah."" Has he told you anything that he dreams about? You can see that she stiffens up a little bit. ""So he's already told you."" Yes. ""I don't want to ruin an evening that's going so well, but he's had visions. I'm worried ""about you. When we got your letter that-- we didn't know how to find you. We didn't think that ""you were in the area. When your letter found us, we thought maybe you weren't that far away, so we ""began to search our way along the Silver Cut.""",Insight
Insight,"""Terrible premonitions."" Like what? At this point, he stops and looks up towards you as you're holding his arm, and he reaches up and pulls the glasses shakily from the front of his face and through his small dark brown beady eyes, you see the whites at the sides are bloodshot. He glances up and goes, ""The kinds of dreams that end a bloodline."" Well, that sounds terrible. ""We're trying to find a way to stop it."" Well, that's good. I would like to stop it, as well. We all love Pike very much. ""Good. Then we came at the right time.""",Persuasion
Perception,"And they died. ""My brother."" Really? Theobold. And do you know who it is the Trickfoots slighted in this myth? ""I don't know. This whole family is paranoid and guards their secrets from each other. ""Anyway."" I wish you a dreamless sleep. And he's out. (laughter) Random question. Do we see an obvious family resemblance with Pike and any of them?",Perception
Investigation,"pieces of wayward pastry that have not found their way to the gnome's mouth, at which point he stands up off of his chair and rights himself. ""Hm. Well. I'm stuffed. Let's go see how Ogden's doing. Astra!"" ""I'll be-- let me just finish this."" ""All right, we'll pick you up in a second. I'll go check in on Ogden."" And he gets up and walks past, up the stairs. You are searching for what? Oh, well, I've gone into my sister's bedroom and have begun to raid the spring clothing to find the most ostentatious hat I can find and start shoving as many things into it as I possibly can.",Investigation
Investigation,"""All right, we'll pick you up in a second. I'll go check in on Ogden."" And he gets up and walks past, up the stairs. You are searching for what? Oh, well, I've gone into my sister's bedroom and have begun to raid the spring clothing to find the most ostentatious hat I can find and start shoving as many things into it as I possibly can. Make an investigation check, please. I was going with you. I had said I went with you. Mostly to get away from the gnomes. So you're both searching? Yes.",Investigation
Insight,"history, but I can say that there's been more than ""one curse thrown at our family name."" This is true. ""I don't know. I haven't spoken with them in quite some time, or really anybody else. I decided ""that you, there was something special about you, and it wasn't right to have you grow up in such an ""uncouth environment, so I wanted to provide something different for you. I don't know if I ""succeeded, but I did my best, and brought you into the light of the one that saved me. And look at ""you now!"" And he leans forward and grabs your holy symbol from the front and goes, ""Why, you're the ""brightest star she has.""",Insight
Insight,"""I don't know. I haven't spoken with them in quite some time, or really anybody else. I decided ""that you, there was something special about you, and it wasn't right to have you grow up in such an ""uncouth environment, so I wanted to provide something different for you. I don't know if I ""succeeded, but I did my best, and brought you into the light of the one that saved me. And look at ""you now!"" And he leans forward and grabs your holy symbol from the front and goes, ""Why, you're the ""brightest star she has."" I'm gonna be terrible. Can I insight check him? I just want to see if it looks like he's hiding anything.",Insight
Insight,"Wilhand, how old were you when you left the Trickfoot family? ""Oh, I would've been maybe in my early 40s."" Oh. (whispers) How old are you? Early 40s. Okay. Okay. So he was around for a while. Okay. Did you know Theobold? ""Yes."" And so do you know what happened to him? ""In what way?"" Well, Ogden said he was affected by the curse, that he was killed by it. ""I wasn't around for that.""",Insight
Insight,"Trickfoot family? ""Oh, I would've been maybe in my early 40s."" Oh. (whispers) How old are you? Early 40s. Okay. Okay. So he was around for a while. Okay. Did you know Theobold? ""Yes."" And so do you know what happened to him? ""In what way?"" Well, Ogden said he was affected by the curse, that he was killed by it. ""I wasn't around for that."" Insight check.",Insight
Insight,"""I can! I can feed him. I just didn't think-- It's a belt! I don't know-- ""I'll feed him."" When was the last time this belt was a snake, before now? ""When you give it to me. I haven't had to use it! And then should I let it out? I don't ""know. I don't know how these things work, okay?"" Not everyone can be a dope adventurer, all right? I'm conflicted here. I did give this to you-- ""Right. You gave me a belt. And I've used it, and it's been great.""",Insight
Perception,"Oh. You know, I do know how to write a few letters now. If you would like to try and fill out the paperwork... Well, let's not get carried away. All right, then. I certainly am not up to it, so I completely understand if you're not. Fine. All right. You guys catch up with the rest of the party, and you all make your way to the castle at about the same time. Just checking. None of the gnomes had even the slightest tinge of reaction when he said that? Or no.",Insight
Nature,"through with this, let me know. If you find this ""all mumbo jumbo and you don't believe me, I don't blame you, either, and we can be on our way. ""Choice is yours."" So you want to perform the exorcism on me? ""You're the one the visions brought me to."" Well, this is something that I'll have to think about. We'll have to talk about it with everybody else, especially if it involves them, as well. ""Of course. Take your time. They're about-- JB? JB, how close are we to the full moon?"" He's shouting out into nothing.",Nature
Nature,"""Choice is yours."" So you want to perform the exorcism on me? ""You're the one the visions brought me to."" Well, this is something that I'll have to think about. We'll have to talk about it with everybody else, especially if it involves them, as well. ""Of course. Take your time. They're about-- JB? JB, how close are we to the full moon?"" He's shouting out into nothing. Can I do a nature check-- You're not there. Do I know?",Nature
Nature,"So you want to perform the exorcism on me? ""You're the one the visions brought me to."" Well, this is something that I'll have to think about. We'll have to talk about it with everybody else, especially if it involves them, as well. ""Of course. Take your time. They're about-- JB? JB, how close are we to the full moon?"" He's shouting out into nothing. Can I do a nature check-- You're not there. Do I know? Make a nature check.",Nature
Nature,"me? ""You're the one the visions brought me to."" Well, this is something that I'll have to think about. We'll have to talk about it with everybody else, especially if it involves them, as well. ""Of course. Take your time. They're about-- JB? JB, how close are we to the full moon?"" He's shouting out into nothing. Can I do a nature check-- You're not there. Do I know? Make a nature check. Nature check?",Nature
Nature,"opinion. That was cranberry juice, Grog, and that was a solid opinion. Yeah, it actually turned out to be true. That's a very good analogy. What if we do this: what if we go up to the mountain, full moon, go through the motions, and Keyleth, you're super-powerful, you must have some sort of way of telling if this Ogden is telling the truth, right? Um. I could look at his face and his weird tics and deduce very hard. Talk to his tics. Does he have tics? When is the next full moon?",Investigation
History,"Are you listening, Sarenrae? It's me, Pike. (laughter) Tonight I'll see if maybe I can get some answers. But should we-- do we do this tonight, this mind-reading serum? I say tomorrow on the mountain. I was gonna say-- it's four days, right? Yeah, we've got to start right now. Well, I think we do it while we're up there. Is it four days and on that night? Four nights from tonight. Four nights from tonight. So we have to start this immediately.",History
Investigation,"I go to Syngorn. Okay. Can I attune to my blood axe instead of the thrower before I go to sleep? That you can. Thank you. I'm going to let the castle know I'm taking a brief, brief run up the hill and grabbing supplies for this, so letting everyone know. Grabbing a few tents. They have supplies for you at the ready. You gather them easily from the Pale Guard. They have some tents that haven't been used for a while, you take those with you. Supplies are given. You head",Insight
Religion,"of the larger temples to the Moonweaver, there's a night guide there named Nusem, and it's the temple of the Pale Light. And so, as you approach him and give your request, he's like, ""A jug of our blessed water, that is an unusual request. We take ""no money, but offerings in trade of equal value as you honestly see fit."" Give him a high-five. (laughter) Right. Well, I don't have very much on my person. ""Whatever you feel would be a viable trade within the eyes of the Moonweaver herself."" What do I know about the Moonweaver?",Religion
Investigation,"hear stories about young Pike, embarrasingly. Get to tell them of the tales of what you guys have done, and inform them from a firsthand basis of what Vox Machina has accomplished for the past few years. They all seem enraptured, JB more than anybody, and she seems to almost finish some of the tales. You get the sense that she's been very, very well-versed in what you guys have done and is genuinely invested in the stories as they happen. Anything else you guys want to accomplish in the three days in particular? I think the twins will probably look around and make sure that nobody has been here recently other than us, or see if there's anything hinky.",Persuasion
Perception,"destroyed and scattered, you do see elements that seem like a large nest that have been wind-scattered up here and left for a long time. And as you look through the chunks and pieces, you see bits of dried leather, flesh, and with that in mind, over the next two days, you begin to see, way off in the north, what appear to be a number of flying entities that group in clusters that kind of exist over the cliffside, down along the actual mountain edge, and occasionally have apparently made distant nests and are still maneuvering in the distance. Do I see the type of feather it is? Can I tell what kind of creature it was?",Investigation
Stealth,"Make a perception check. 32. Using the combination of your broom and your ranger-like vision, you've encountered these creatures once before, at the Salted Bluff, but avoided them. There are small clusters of harpies that make their home here on the cliffsides by the ocean. Yeah, they took all our horses. Yep. They picked them apart last time you first made your way to Whitestone. So you're very careful to make sure that whatever camp you set up is camouflaged as best as possible. Since that is one of your specialties as a ranger, it's not too",Stealth
Stealth,"32. Using the combination of your broom and your ranger-like vision, you've encountered these creatures once before, at the Salted Bluff, but avoided them. There are small clusters of harpies that make their home here on the cliffsides by the ocean. Yeah, they took all our horses. Yep. They picked them apart last time you first made your way to Whitestone. So you're very careful to make sure that whatever camp you set up is camouflaged as best as possible. Since that is one of your specialties as a ranger, it's not too bad. Go ahead and make a stealth check, please.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"I get an attack of opportunity. (laughter) The creature does, though. And (whoosh) just misses over the top of his head. The gnome's size is too small, and it keeps missing him by about a foot. And he backs up, going, (heavy breathing), holding onto his staff. That ends his turn, and you watch as JB rushes over behind this rock here and starts shouting up, ""Ogden, are you okay?"" That's going to end her turn. Pike, you're up. Okay. Am I able to get back into the circle? How far am I? You can, yes. All right.",Athletics
Investigation,"Has he hit anybody yet? No. He's literally the worst. He's literally the worst creature that's ever existed. Is it safe to like over my earpiece say like-- Wait 'til your turn. Oh. Sorry. It's okay. What're you doing, Vex? I mean, if I'm looking at that creature, does it look like an illusion? Does it look like something we've seen before? Does it look like it's really there?",Perception
Investigation,"I'll come down closer. Okay. I'll have Trinket attack for my bonus. But I want to just-- Trinket has to attack as part of your attack action. Wait, let me double-check that. Trinket gets my bonus. I know, I changed that. That's how it used to be. So yes, you can do that. You can do that. Okay. So I can have him attack and then watch? You can have him attack and then watch him. I want to watch while he's attacking and",Investigation
Investigation,attack. Voyeur. Yeah. I want to watch! Ooh! That's a good one. 27. That hits! Go ahead and roll damage. Okay. 12. 12! Is it a bite or a claw? That was a bite. Trinket reaches out and bites and snatches through and you watch as the black smoke dissipates in the area and screams again in his face as he pulls back. You're using your action to investigate? Yeah.,Investigation
Perception,"What? Play it out. Just play it out. Okay. Play it out? Play it out. Okay, I want to step forward a little bit. Okay. You step forward a little bit. Can I make out details of the space? Of the faces that are in it? There are multiple faces. They're all different creature faces. They all look to be humanoid. They're all shouting and screaming and shifting and roiling inside.",Perception
Perception,"the faces that are in it? There are multiple faces. They're all different creature faces. They all look to be humanoid. They're all shouting and screaming and shifting and roiling inside. Can I do a perception check to see if I recognize either Pike's face in there or Ogden's face or any of the gnomes' face? Do I recognize any faces? Sure. This would be your action to do that, but yeah. My whole action? Yeah. Okay.",Investigation
Intimidation,"(whispers) What if they did all of this to get us away from Whitestone? Go up to her. So you walk up to Astra. Most of your movement there as you back up. And I'm going to put my mace up to her throat and say-- (whispers) They're robbing the bakery right now! (laughs) Yeah! How many pastries did you steal? How many fucking pastries did they take? I'm going to say, what the fuck is going on? I know this is not real.",Intimidation
Athletics,"Gently! How big can the sphere get? It's ten by ten. I mean, encircled-- Yeah, it's a hamster ball. (groans) I'm so mad! You can carry him to the cliff! Maybe it was just to steal a thousand-gold diamond. Maybe it was just to steal the diamond. He's just like-- at this point, he goes, ""You killed it! That's amazing! Pike is saved!"" The sphere gets picked up. ""Wait! Huh?"" I pick JB up by her wrist. Okay, she's just starting to dart off and you grab her by the wrist. Go ahead and make a",Athletics
Athletics,"She gets some distance. What's the Grasping Vine-- Is Ogden the one in the sphere? Spell save 15. 15, dexterity. Natural 20. Motherfucker! You put the Grasping Vine out and she just-- (heavy breathing). Okay, forget this. Wait-wait! I already said I'm winged and Hasted, I'm already there! She can't go anywhere. I know, all right. So as you aim, you watch as a raven swoops down. That'll do.",Athletics
Intimidation,"I'm gonna walk below the cliff and just stand on the cliff and start knocking on the ball on the other side and waving so he can get a nice view of the drop down. ""Oh. No-no-no! Seriously, it's fine. We're family."" Ogden? ""Yes?"" Where's the diamond? ""I-- it was used in the spell!"" No, it wasn't. ""The spell that we used to summon the creature."" It's-- Ogden. That was bullshit.",Intimidation
Investigation,"see a little bit of moonlight that's coming by, you can see the wet streaks on her cheeks. He goes ""That's very, very fair. That's very kind, and very fair."" We're going to teach her things. I will put her through school. And her and I together will change the Trickfoot name. But if I ever see any of you again, I will fucking kill you all. ""As you should! Right, understood loud and clear, young Pike Trickfoot."" He takes the coins. ""So. Sorry. And how do we get back?"" You'll find your way. I pat them all down and make sure they didn't steal anything from us on the way out.",Persuasion
Athletics,"And I say, Keyleth! Can you swim? (chuckles) Yes. Can you come help me get this diamond back? Oh, yeah! Yeah. (laughter) Am I on the cliff? You're on top of the cliff, yeah. Is she down? Yeah. I can come-- Oh. Are you really? Can I do it? That's a really high drop! Can I do the Pocahontas swan dive?",Athletics
Perception,"close, dusk is starting to change the colors of the sky. Clouds are beginning to move in, as the night's evening air grows colder. As you come to the outside, you see, it's dark and closed, and you see what appears to be a figure sitting on the ground against the wall, back to the wall, knees huddled up. Not JB? No, JB is walking with you guys. In front of the bakery? By the door, a little bit adjacent to where the door is closed. We don't recognize them. Can we see their face?",Investigation
Insight,"Have you tried any of our baked goods, yet? ""I haven't. I've seen it from a distance, but I couldn't really afford to. I'd like to."" Do you live here in Whitestone? ""I do. I live right behind--"" And she points up to the left. Like if the Sun Tree is in the center and you head up straight on the eastern side-- sorry, the western side of the square, the path that leads up towards Whitestone Castle, she points about two blocks up and on the left. And there's a small hovel that's pushed between two buildings there. And she goes, ""That's where I stay.""",Insight
Stealth,"Oh, that made me happy. We go by her hovel. Okay. As you guys make your way back to the castle you stop and go over there. You can see it's one of three small homes that are jammed in the alley areas between these larger buildings. Almost like there's businesses on this one corner and they have smaller people that are living more meager means. Each one of them appears to be occupied. The one that she pointed to, you go to it and it seems... there. There's like a very low light through one of the windows. I'm going to be real shitty and stealth up and peek in and see what she's up to.",Stealth
Insight,"I'm going to be real shitty and stealth up and peek in and see what she's up to. Okay, make a stealth check. She's changing. Crying, naked. We'll find out won't we. 33 for stealth. All righty, and then make a perception check. Yeah. Natural 20. Okay. You glance up and over the side and from the low candlelit interior, which you watch as there's a small candle that's lit on a little wick there. And there's almost no furniture in this house whatsoever. There's a stool and you just see her sitting on the stool, motionless.",Stealth
Investigation,"down there pretty late. Well first I drag Keyleth off to the cozy little bathtubs that they have here in the castle and took the opportunity-- they're quite small, actually. And washed all of the caked-in, the last of the caked-in blood and everything. Because they say it, it's true. We have a full Roman sauna underneath, but that's fine, whatever you need. I took JB back and we built a fort in the room. And you've gone to bed? Oh yeah, I'm asleep. I look for a book on werewolves.",Investigation
Perception,"You watch her get a little thousand-yard stare for a second, thinking. Her eyes are darting around a little bit and her brain is just running and running. ""All right. Well, unfortunately, I ""can't leave until tomorrow, I can only really transport myself once a day, but I'll immediately ""make my way to Vasselheim. That would hopefully be able to clarify some of these questions."" Do you need company? ""No, I can travel faster on my own."" All right. ""Besides, I can always go ahead and bring a friend."" How is Kima?",Persuasion
Investigation,"Oh my god, did Hilda do something? You can see the sheet is missing. Most of his personal belongings are gone. Doty is still there. And Doty appears to be shut down, nonfunctional. Doty? Doty! Shit! The eyes are cold. Check the book! What book? Doty's book. Oh! I go look at Doty's book! It's within his chest compartment. I know. I helped build this thing. Can I figure out how to get the book to eject?",Investigation
Arcana,"any sign of Tary. That's so cocked. That's a natural 20. Okay. Not only do you find the latch, but you look underneath where one of the arms is. There appears to be a small glass bead, affixed with a piece of clay. And the bead has this pulsing blue light on it. And you notice it there, and it looks like it's the only thing with any sort of life on Doty's exterior. Does that look like part of Doty? It doesn't. It looks like something that was pressed onto him. Should we take it off? Is it magical?",Arcana
Investigation,"Balls. Should we call everyone? Let's not call everyone. Who should we call? I don't know. Let's call everyone. Has anybody seen Tary? He's sleeping in, isn't he? He's not. Is he at the bakery? Wait, go check the bakery. Will someone go check the bakery? I'll check the bakery. Where are you? Do I see any trace of him?",Perception
Investigation,"Hilda is not there, no. I don't see anything here, Hilda's not here. The bakery looks normal? The bakery looks normal. Locked and closed, untouched since you left it the evening before. Wait, you think Doty's been boobytrapped? Look at that. That doesn't look normal. I want to a take a look at that and see if it looks like a trap, and I don't understand magic, but if it is similar to any trigger mechanisms that I've seen.",Investigation
Nature,"well. Westruun, and along the road of the Silver Cut. What was that thing you said? Turns field? There's the Turst Fields. And what was the other one? Jorenn Village. That's where you found Percy in prison. Okay. Where's the sun? Right now? It's close to noon. We'll finish this and I'll give it a few hours for the sun to go down so that I can actually figure out what direction the inn is facing.",Nature
Perception,"""she just asked a lot of questions."" And you've met us before? No? ""No. I've seen you around town. People talk about you, saying what you've ""done for the people..."" Do you bake cream puffs? ""I have before, yeah."" Do you want to work in a bakery? Just kidding. We were in the middle of something  we'll talk to you later! (laughter) Wait, does Trinket smell anything having to do with-- can he smell a different smell? Can he smell the evil Hilda?",Perception
Nature,"and focus on Taryon once more, your vision shifts and seem to be jettisoned across hundreds of miles within a second. No direction at the moment  it's too much of a blur of color and light and movement until it comes to a halt, and there you see Taryon, somewhat jostled by the spell kicking in and the momentum, you see him thrown over what appears to be the back of a horse, just (hoofbeats). Which way is the shadow of the horse? Taryon, you come to consciousness ever so slightly, and looking down, you see hooves clattering on the ground behind you. You glance around. Percival, I want you to go ahead and make",Nature
History,"you're heading more towards the city of Deastok, which is on the outskirts of the Dwendalian Empire. We did know that they were on a road headed west. Heading east. Which means if we head north and then the minute that we hit that main road start heading in that direction, we might even pass them on the way and be able to identify a horse. Especially if we're in like fart form. All right, so you guys are going into your Wind Walk form? Before we do. Percy, do you know anything about this country we're in? Anything?",History
History,"Empire. We did know that they were on a road headed west. Heading east. Which means if we head north and then the minute that we hit that main road start heading in that direction, we might even pass them on the way and be able to identify a horse. Especially if we're in like fart form. All right, so you guys are going into your Wind Walk form? Before we do. Percy, do you know anything about this country we're in? Anything? Make a history check. Not really my area of expertise, but 22.",History
Perception,"we're smoke plumes? Or do we just think in terms of (wind noises)? No, you think normally. You're still mentally you. You just can't talk. If you do talk, it comes out as (blows raspberry). (blows raspberry) There you go. What does it sound like if you laugh? (airy laughter) Sorry. We're going. As you guys continue pushing east... I'm going to be keeping an eye out for anybody on the road. Ditto.",Perception
Stealth,"tall grass, bald? It's maybe knee-high grass with sections of bald. The landscape here, outside of the farmland and the forest that you can see, looks a little hard and badlands-ish. Scrubland. I'm going to go 200, 300 yards back towards the city, just in case they manage to get through. Okay. So you're getting down, you're doing that... I'm going to get into some grass, as close to the road as I can. I bamf Trinket out! And we get in the grass and stealth.",Stealth
Stealth,"It's a critical stealth! All righty. Plus ten! Oh wait, did you want someone in the middle of the road? I'll stand in the middle of the road. Unassuming. Unassuming, okay. I'm going to go into crow form. (caws) Maybe I can act like I'm an old woman trying to cross the road. So you go into crow form. I'm going to aid to her bird lady aesthetic.",Perception
Stealth,"All righty. Plus ten! Oh wait, did you want someone in the middle of the road? I'll stand in the middle of the road. Unassuming. Unassuming, okay. I'm going to go into crow form. (caws) Maybe I can act like I'm an old woman trying to cross the road. So you go into crow form. I'm going to aid to her bird lady aesthetic. Stealth roll, Percy?",Stealth
Stealth,"Plus ten! Oh wait, did you want someone in the middle of the road? I'll stand in the middle of the road. Unassuming. Unassuming, okay. I'm going to go into crow form. (caws) Maybe I can act like I'm an old woman trying to cross the road. So you go into crow form. I'm going to aid to her bird lady aesthetic. Stealth roll, Percy? Stealth roll?",Stealth
Stealth,"Unassuming, okay. I'm going to go into crow form. (caws) Maybe I can act like I'm an old woman trying to cross the road. So you go into crow form. I'm going to aid to her bird lady aesthetic. Stealth roll, Percy? Stealth roll? And stealth roll for you, too, Vax. 37. Do drows have magic sight or anything? I don't know! It's a reliable talent, in fact.",Stealth
Perception,"There's no horse left. Yeah, oh boy. That's 30 points of damage. 30 points of damage! Is that a lot for a horse? That's my maximum damage with a single unaffected shot. Yeah, as the horse skids over and hits the ground, it falls onto its side, and you watch its heavy breathing become still. No! Dinner! I'm keeping a second shot. The second I see her head, I am taking a head shot on this girl.",Athletics
Insight,"You are rose gold. I am. How long ago did he send you? ""He sent me out on this job about two months back."" It took that long to find him? Does anyone in this town, Deastok, know about Whitestone? Know where you found him? ""Not to my knowledge. I don't care about people in this town. I was called here to pick up ""the contract, and I left."" What guild do you work for? ""I work for no guild. I am a solo agent."" So cool.",Insight
Perception,"""Very well. It seems we are at an accord."" I'm going to yank Vex aside, actually. Well, I'm going to shake her hand before-- shit. Are you talking about what I think you are talking about? Yeah! You want to send her after your friend? Our friend. You think he wants a mercenary showing up in his life, looking for him? Think about it. He could be dead. He's doing what he wants to do. Did I overhear them?",Perception
Stealth,"(crackling noises) little sparks. And each of these pillars gives off a slight hum. Vex, it's your turn. It's like a trapped thing? This is so Hunger Games. Oh shit! Okay. I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on me and Trinket. And I'm going to send him down-- Is there a trapdoor or like a stairway around? That he can go down? There is a trapdoor that he can go down and then make his way. He's going to make his way down. But I am going to hide, at the top here, behind one of those-- Behind one of those? Okay. Go ahead and make",Stealth
Athletics,"(grunts) I would like to rage! Just, oh, so angry! I don't like people putting me in strange places and floating down from the clouds, Colville. Can I equip-- yeah, fuck it. Fuck it. I'm going to stick with the Bloodaxe. Not the Dwarven Thrower. Okay, Bloodaxe. Oof. I know. I know. That might be a poor choice. Oh, you motherfuckers can fly! I can't. Bullshit, you're climbing up shit with spider boots. You know what, no, Dwarven Thrower. Dwarven Thrower, and can I start to climb the little rope ladder that's next to me?",Athletics
Stealth,"All right. And that's an 18! That hits! 14 halved is seven. No, wait. Eight, because it's 16 points of damage. Okay. Plus four lightning damage. Okay. Plus Blazing Bowstring. Seven points of fire damage. Okay. And I'm going to use my bonus action. I'm going to move down a couple parapets towards you and I'm going to keep hiding as my bonus action.",Stealth
Stealth,"I hit you with a ball of lightning, man, like a Tesla coil. I climb up to the top of the tower like, what's going on? (machine gun fire) At the start of your turn, you pick a creature to remain hidden from, not a general hiding. Oh, so I could say, I'm keeping hidden from Percy. Yep. But everybody else can still see you. And then I would roll for stealth to hide from everybody else? If you wanted to make the hide action. I'm going to keep hidden from Percy for",Stealth
Athletics,"You can attack the ball, but it does nothing. Well, it'll throw me away. Interesting, interesting. I don't learn lessons very well. I'm going to try again. One more time. I get three attacks, so. Okay. So you're going to do the second shove attack. Yep. Wisdom save. 17? I mean, that's it. DC 17. Okay, so now getting Doty's sheet out here. For a shove attack, I believe it's a contested",Athletics
Athletics,"more time. I get three attacks, so. Okay. So you're going to do the second shove attack. Yep. Wisdom save. 17? I mean, that's it. DC 17. Okay, so now getting Doty's sheet out here. For a shove attack, I believe it's a contested athletics check, let me double-check real fast. Okay. Not strength, but athletics? Pretty sure. I'm sure the Internet right now is going, ""No, it's this! God damn it, Mercer!"" No, it's athletics contested by athletics, so go",Athletics
Deception,"I couldn't get down to him, though? You could get right down to him. Oh, this is going to be the worst move ever if it doesn't work. I'm going to get down to where Grog is. This is so stupid, though! No, because if it doesn't work I can't get away! Because that's all my movement, isn't it? Let's team up, you and me. What are you doing? You want to team up? I go down to Grog and I say, let's shake on it. But I take my necklace off and I put it into my hand. Oh!",Deception
Stealth,"Oh yeah, that's part of this. So you could theoretically recover and come back. Yeah, if you roll a natural 20 on your death save. It's happened before. Fuck, okay. Those are my two attacks, so can I fly down to the ground behind the building... actually, they're all over on the other side. I'm going to drop down where I am. Okay. Drop down to the roof? Yeah, to the roof. And I'm going to lay down on the roof and use my bonus action to hide. Okay, you lay down on the roof, using your bonus action to hide.",Stealth
Perception,"It's smart. (laughter) No longer Percy's turn. So with that, the braziers-- And Matt. Away from the things that blow up. Was that understood? Right, yes. And all the braziers flare up. Don't affect anybody. That brings us to Vex. I'm going to take off from the roof and try to make it to the opposite tower. The opposite tower, flying over here? Yeah. You make your way there. Can I see anything?",Perception
Stealth,"As the brambles wrap around her, the flames burn them away. She's immune to being restrained. Yeah, I figured. I bet Tary's up here, but I don't know that. I'm going to use my bonus action to hide. I was hidden at the beginning of the turn, but I'm assuming my movement took me out of hiding. Can I use my skirmisher's stealth to choose a quarry to stay hidden? Or I have to be hidden at the top of the turn? At this point, yeah. We're skirting a line, here, of watching you go up and land. You aren't amongst trees in a forest. It's easy to see where you are, vaguely. Okay, I'm going to hide.",Stealth
Perception,"So 4d4 plus four. Gimme some squares. No, 4d4. I need some triangles. You also take six points of fire damage, reduced to three. Because you're doing this while on fire. Yeah. 4d4 plus four. 14 points. That's my turn. Okay, Grog's done. Keyleth? Okay. (grunts) Going to go ahead and drop my fire elemental form. It's looking pretty rough now. Hope I don't fuck that up. And I'm going to peek around the corner and I can see Vex a little up on the tower.",Perception
Perception,"I stayed over the roof. You stayed over the roof. You fall prone. You still take a point of bludgeoning damage, which is an immediate failed save, so you've lost one death save and you're unconscious there. And you're trapped up here with me. He'll go easy on you. Yeah, I'm sure. Kill me quickly so I can go pee, because I've had to for an hour now. That end your turn, Grog? Yes, it does. All righty. Keyleth. You don't know where anybody is. You're in acid water. I poke my head out. Do I see anything?",Perception
Insight,"Would I get out of the sphere of the electrical attack? Then no, I'll just stay there. Okay. You stay there. Go ahead and roll an attack for him. What do you think? Does he get a retaliation attack? No, if you're not moving, he doesn't. You're right. Never mind. All right, so bringing it back to Taryon. Never thought it would come to this. I hold up a diamond, and I point it at your face, and I say, I will heal you if you swear you will not stab me in the back. I swear. I want this dragon dead.",Insight
Insight,"electrical attack? Then no, I'll just stay there. Okay. You stay there. Go ahead and roll an attack for him. What do you think? Does he get a retaliation attack? No, if you're not moving, he doesn't. You're right. Never mind. All right, so bringing it back to Taryon. Never thought it would come to this. I hold up a diamond, and I point it at your face, and I say, I will heal you if you swear you will not stab me in the back. I swear. I want this dragon dead. Insight check!",Insight
Athletics,"opportunity on her. Reckless, for me. Buddy, first. That's a 23 to hit. Yeah. 2d6 plus three. Six. Six points of damage to you. Just six? Six from the knight. Okay, that puts me at 46. 28 to hit from me. That hits. 21 points of damage. She's okay. Keyleth, you turn, you run. Make an",Athletics
Athletics,"18? Okay, that just succeeds. You take half damage. And I have resistance. Right. I rolled pretty good, so it was 21 points of lightning damage, reduced to ten, and then halved because you have resistance, so five. Okay. And Grog, it's your turn. You have Keyleth over here. Oh, I only have one target. I stride confidently to the edge of the tower, and I'd like to use my Boots of Feral Leaping to jump and bring my hammer down on top of Keyleth, on top of the tower.",Athletics
Perception,"little-- Lydia! Lydia was who you are to be betrothed to, and the location was the Grumpy Lily. I was questioning myself, I was like there was no way something was called the Grumpy Lily. Had a stroke while taking notes in D&D. Grumpy Lily! The Many is who we want to speak to. Just as something that happened, during that whole family conversation I was scanning the room and the bookshelves for anything interesting, anything out of sorts, anything out of place.",Perception
Perception,"Lydia! Lydia was who you are to be betrothed to, and the location was the Grumpy Lily. I was questioning myself, I was like there was no way something was called the Grumpy Lily. Had a stroke while taking notes in D&D. Grumpy Lily! The Many is who we want to speak to. Just as something that happened, during that whole family conversation I was scanning the room and the bookshelves for anything interesting, anything out of sorts, anything out of place. Make a retroactive perception check.",Perception
Investigation,"Let's just take them all. Wait, this is the meeting place of a dark group, right? A shady group? Shouldn't we check this area for anything shady? Is there shade in this establishment? It's dimly lit, so there's plenty of shadows. It's a five-by-five square. Do we see anything amiss? Oh, that's terrible. 24. Nothing seems amiss. It seems like a shitty pub. It's the definition of a poorly attended dive. Does it look like there's any seams in the ground that would be a trapdoor or anything?",Investigation
Investigation,"Yes. That she is. He pulls one key and unlocks the small closet. You paid attention? (creak) Opens this rickety wooden door, and goes (grunt) and walks past, and he's behind the door, expectantly waiting. You guys glance into the space, and you can see there's what looks to be a low torchlight about every ten feet down a wooden stairway that descends about 30, 40 feet. Traps, people hiding, anything that seems out of place or dangerous. Traps, or people hiding? Traps. I'll look for people hiding.",Investigation
Perception,"Yes. That she is. He pulls one key and unlocks the small closet. You paid attention? (creak) Opens this rickety wooden door, and goes (grunt) and walks past, and he's behind the door, expectantly waiting. You guys glance into the space, and you can see there's what looks to be a low torchlight about every ten feet down a wooden stairway that descends about 30, 40 feet. Traps, people hiding, anything that seems out of place or dangerous. Traps, or people hiding? Traps. I'll look for people hiding.",Investigation
History,"tables appears to be three guys who are in a card game. As soon as you sit down they (grunts) and then keep talking amongst themselves more about taking bets, bluffing each other, giving shit about their home lives, stuff like that. The other table has four quiet individuals that are, look to be elvish lineage. Either half-elf or full elf  it's hard to tell. They're wearing these hoods that show the ears from underneath but then seem to block a lot of the features of their face and guard a lot of the forehead. This silk hood that drips down past the nose on the sides. Do we recognize any semblance of that garb?",History
History,"game. As soon as you sit down they (grunts) and then keep talking amongst themselves more about taking bets, bluffing each other, giving shit about their home lives, stuff like that. The other table has four quiet individuals that are, look to be elvish lineage. Either half-elf or full elf  it's hard to tell. They're wearing these hoods that show the ears from underneath but then seem to block a lot of the features of their face and guard a lot of the forehead. This silk hood that drips down past the nose on the sides. Do we recognize any semblance of that garb? Make a history check.",History
Perception,"Yes. ""All right."" I nudge him under the table. ""You want what he likes, it's going to cost you more than that."" What does he like? Whatever it is, here is another four and keep another one for yourself. ""Thank you very much. That'll put you up to yours, though. We will go ahead and settle your ""bills at the end of the drinks. But all right, Korshad it is."" What table did the bartender look at when he said that?",Insight
Perception,"front of him and slides it forward. The man you see there, he has deep brown skin, marked, there appear to be a number of tattoos that curl up his arms and up the side of his neck and touch his ears on each side. He's wearing light, billowing clothes of silver and maroon silks that end about the elbow and are just hanging beneath, leaving the rest of his arm completely visible where you can see the tattoo continues up the forearm and grasps the back of the hand, almost like he has a gauntlet on that is just his skin. You see around him a series of gold and silver bracelets and rings that adorn his fingers. His face is framed by a lion's mane of black and gray dreadlocked",Perception
Religion,"Oh no, Pike! (still slurring) I only had like three drinks. Three sips. Keep going. Just tiny sips. They were so small. Drink some, maybe some water, too, in between each sip. Okay. Maybe some meat pie. That's whiskey. That's supposed to be-- never mind. Go ahead. Hey, who's the Change-Bringer? Does anyone know? I feel like this drink is inspired. Can I do a check to see?",Religion
Perception,"Okay, now I feel like I'm on a listing ship. What's your confident face look like? More tongue. Little further. Yep. Little higher eyebrow on the right side. Okay, maybe stop. I'm just afraid he's going to look over here at any moment. I'm keeping an eye on good old Korshad, and seeing if he looks over here. I also want to see if I can catch his lips and see what he's talking about over on the side there. And I would like to look around the room and make sure that other people aren't watching us, or if so, where in the bar they are.",Perception
Perception,"women you've come across, their lifestyle leads to either very short-kept or very tightly bound hair, as the coarse hair of the goliaths tends to mat up very thickly when living in the wild as your tribe did. This goliath female's hair is really well kept, actually. It's almost shining, which catches you off guard entirely. She's not tattooed and appears to be in a trance as she's in the process of drumming away, not even looking at the two of her compatriots or any patron. She's spacing out and is currently enraptured by the music she's creating. Are there any weapons around her feet or where she's sitting or playing?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"""And in exchange, we would still be taking the land-based assets from the Darrington name, ""other than the estate and enough means to live comfortably."" And enough income property for them to be relatively comfortable. Reasonably comfortable. I'm sure we can take a look at the assets and come to a very, very reasonable arrangement. And you, in turn-- well, we could have a discussion about what that would be worth to you. I have no interest in making an arrangement that doesn't please you. We're only here, again, for sentimental reasons. We are not invested beyond that.",Persuasion
History,"literally what we've been training for our whole lives. I mean, just in case there's maybe some ancient deity that rules over the forest of Herethis and some sort of goddess? Fuck it, let's go. I mean, do we know anything? Have we ever heard about the woods of Herethis or the Platinum Mines of Herethis? You guys haven't. You have. They're woods that lead into this small rocky-- it's almost too small to be a mountain range and more just large, rocky hills. But there's no historical significance to the location that you know of. Go",History
Perception,"guys! Orcus tonight! Finale! Do we have any glow sticks that we could throw in and watch fall? Yes, we actually do. Have you guys transitioned back to your physical forms to have this conversation? Yeah. Well, we can float down. If we're doing our little circle, I would say that a little bit of a distance. Yeah, I don't want to camp right next to the-- About half a mile away. I'm looking for cooties around the outside.",Perception
Investigation,"gets harsher over here, or the rock is going to crumble in if the ground keeps eroding. You're not sure if it's done, or if it's a slow crawling thing. There before you, you see a body. You can see elements of clothing, torn and dried, crusted with old blood. You see a boot that's left off to the side. The foot's been removed, but it looks like the edge of it's been torn and ripped a bit. The skeleton's been picked clean. Okay. We only see the one body? There are three bodies around the whole exterior, but you've landed next to one. When you said picked clean, do they look like they've been chewed upon?",Investigation
Nature,"Yeah, they're smooth, that means they were just like (slurping noises). Is there anything that you can tell us about the smaller one? ""It was like a baby, and it cried out and everything fell around us. I barely made it out, ""but the skitterers found me."" (deep exhale) The enchantment leaves that embodied the skull, falls to rest, the bones now motionless. So it can emit a cry that shakes everything. A baby, like a baby? Mandrake? I would say, Marisha-- Does it sound like anything we have",Nature
Nature,"just like (slurping noises). Is there anything that you can tell us about the smaller one? ""It was like a baby, and it cried out and everything fell around us. I barely made it out, ""but the skitterers found me."" (deep exhale) The enchantment leaves that embodied the skull, falls to rest, the bones now motionless. So it can emit a cry that shakes everything. A baby, like a baby? Mandrake? I would say, Marisha-- Does it sound like anything we have encountered? A nature check?",Nature
Nature,"Would I have an advantage with my little book? Not for this in particular. It will be like the creature back in Stillben? Yeah, I don't think that's what it is. And we have heard tales of mandrakes, and they scream. Yeah, did the pincers sound like something we have fought though, before? No, it's not something you've encountered before, necessarily. 19? 19, okay. And Vex?",Nature
Religion,"I don't think they'll know. They're not miners. They did something in the mine that awoke it. And we can redo it. I think anybody who was there who saw it probably died at the center of it. Sorry, we're trying to remember the very first game of D&D we ever played and Keyleth, twins, Grog were there. Yeah, that's right. That was what was essentially a dead or stillborn deity. A demigod, essentially, in its own pocket plane. So does it have anything to do with this?",Religion
Religion,"I think anybody who was there who saw it probably died at the center of it. Sorry, we're trying to remember the very first game of D&D we ever played and Keyleth, twins, Grog were there. Yeah, that's right. That was what was essentially a dead or stillborn deity. A demigod, essentially, in its own pocket plane. So does it have anything to do with this? Roll a religion check. No. I'm bad at this! (groans) I'm religious! Yeah, if you want to, whoever's having this",Religion
Investigation,"I can have a rope bridge here. Hammock bed. We'll say Druidcraft, which is a very localized and cantrip-based magic, you could, over the next couple hours craft a single web hammock. (groaning) It's a cantrip, yo! I'll pass. We'll just sleep with the ones we have or whatever A third-grade diorama. Yeah. This is what it would look like if you were to build to scale. Okay. So you guys find a place in the trees? Who's helming finding that spot? All right. Go ahead and roll an",Perception
Stealth,"And you are... I know. I'm wondering if I should ahead and go elemental, but I can't cast. Can I get on the carpet? Is there room? The carpet's full. I'll hop on the broom. You hop on the carpet. Okay, we can do that. All right, so you guys slowly begin to descend down this heavy, open tunnel. This is just the stupidest. We're sticking to the middle. Did you cast Pass Without a Trace? Yes. So I would like all you guys to make a",Stealth
Perception,"you, and as you continue further and further down, those of you with Darkvision, you begin to see a floor begin to approach. Don't land? Don't land. Do we need light? No, not yet. I halt the carpet 20 feet off the ground. Okay. You halt the carpet. And we're whispering. We're whispering, but we're not whispering so that people can hear. We're definitely whispering over-- Can we see any little creature in the middle of anything?",Perception
Athletics,"cling to you. The air in your lungs freezes solid, it seems. Go ahead and roll a constitution saving throw. Going to use another Luck. 25. 25 will succeed, all right. So you shrug off the stunned effect, but you do still suffer the halved damage. 13 points of cold damage. All righty. Pike, you're up. Top of your turn, you suffer no damage, because you got out of the fire. You're at the top of the wall now. All right. If I climb down there, it's an athletics thing? Yes. Oh, okay. I'll climb down.",Athletics
Investigation,"from his way and pull Grog out from the interior of the stone floor. Yeah, we should head out and bug bomb the place. Don't we need proof? Grab the body. Let's go. There's no body! I go over to the glitter and I get some of my potion bottles from my alchemy to-- Oh, I'm actually good at this. I try and harvest some, sweep some glitter. Okay. So you gather some glitter in. Really quick, just look around, is there anything of value to grab before we run?",Investigation
Persuasion,"""if what you say is true..."" He reaches under the table and sifts through a small sack that he had held between his feet and ankles, pulls out a heavy piece of parchment. ""The deed to the ""Darrington estate. Signed over to one Taryon Darrington."" Might I make a few more requests? When last we spoke, we spoke in vague terms. There was some cash talked about, and also a place for my family to make a little bit of money or food. There's a farmhouse nearby our main estate. It's nothing special, a few acres of land. I would love to keep that as well so that we can have a source of food for the winters.",Persuasion
Stealth,"Well, we've slept in blanket forts before. Not the first, not the last. I get the big cushion! It's got a bar in the middle. Display furniture sucks. You still do have your room, Taryon, if you want to use it. My room? Oh, yeah, of course I'm going up there. Oh, really, you're going to leave us down here? Fucking high-born piece of shit? All right, I'll stay back down here with the pillow fort thing. Fine. But after they go to sleep, I go upstairs and go back to my bed.",Perception
Persuasion,"foundation for me, to repair our name and our reputation. It could be great. It could be the best thing that's ever happened to us. And there's more. I have an idea. To create something else. A team of adventurers, based here in Wildmount. The Darrington Brigade, led by me, Taryon Darrington. We will fight for justice, and win battles against evildoers, and spread the Darrington name around the continent. I know I'm getting ahead of myself, but I feel like if we embarked on this new adventure together, it could save our name and repair our relationship. As a businessman, I'm asking you to consider it. Because your other options are... Well, they're not great.",Persuasion
Investigation,"Hi! He walks off. Do you guys want to walk around? There's a farmer's market! I need some fresh halibut right now! Are they selling or are they just setting up? At this time they're selling. You see some of the populace has come out. You see delicious fruits, some swamp roots, there are some herbal setups that have things that are from Stillben and things that are not indigenous to the Whitestone area. Are there heirloom tomatoes?",Investigation
Insight,"You guys know him? Yeah, we know him. I thought he was just big in our parts. Where are you from? Is this what's happening right now? Are we all paying attention at this point? It's hard to miss this guy show up. Was trying to ignore it. Now I'm failing. I'm going to throw something again at Sam. Is Shorthalt around right now? Is this a prank? Is that was this is? Is this a joke? I don't know jokes.",Insight
Insight,"Yeah, we know him. I thought he was just big in our parts. Where are you from? Is this what's happening right now? Are we all paying attention at this point? It's hard to miss this guy show up. Was trying to ignore it. Now I'm failing. I'm going to throw something again at Sam. Is Shorthalt around right now? Is this a prank? Is that was this is? Is this a joke? I don't know jokes. Insight check.",Insight
Investigation,"I go search the drawers. In drawers? Yeah! I start searching. I'm not going to eat any mutton from drawers. He gave me free rein, I'm searching this fucking place. You start pulling through the drawers. There is a piece of mutton in there. You get the sense that it wasn't stored there, more than maybe it was half-eaten and left there for later. 25 perception, I don't know, I'm just looking around. I'm looking for weirdness and traps.",Investigation
Investigation,"mustache, a deep scar that sits on his face under one eye, and you see his one hand is rested on this curved, jeweled dagger that is sheathed on one side. Turns around (thudding steps) walks over to one of the far tables, pulls the chair out, spins it around, sits in it and rests on it. ""Welcome, friends. You are Vox Machina, yes?"" Who's asking? ""Sit down, please. If you don't mind. You are guests of mine right now."" Is this Scanlan? No. I want to roll a perception, I want to see if it's an illusion, if it actually is Scanlan.",Persuasion
Insight,"return may help save the world."" You sound like you know about the stakes involved. ""Just what I've been whispered."" We've met a lot of doom-seers. You sure you can stand up to them? ""I grow tired of this conversation. If this is a declination?"" At the very least, this is a conversation of whether or not you're ever going to do business in this city again and what that business is going to look like. ""Do not worry. You'll not see this face in your precious Whitestone again."" He stands up.",Persuasion
Insight,"""Just what I've been whispered."" We've met a lot of doom-seers. You sure you can stand up to them? ""I grow tired of this conversation. If this is a declination?"" At the very least, this is a conversation of whether or not you're ever going to do business in this city again and what that business is going to look like. ""Do not worry. You'll not see this face in your precious Whitestone again."" He stands up. Can I do an insight check to see if I can glean any more of what he knows about this world-ending thing?",Insight
Insight,"No, please don't give it back. What's your best-case scenario here? What did you hope would happen? You'd come and tell us these things and then what happens next? You would go investigate. With you? No. You would go investigate and I would go back to my job. So you're just here to be an errand boy. That's all you want. To help us out. Yes. You traveled to a separate hemisphere to be a messenger. It was only a couple weeks.",Investigation
Athletics,"You're both raging. You're both taking the lesser damage of each hit. You get two attacks, but you're raging, so you get a third attack? No, Grog has that ability. He has a different-- he's not a frenzy barbarian. But he does get two attacks. He does get two attacks. So you get to attack again. This time, I run around him because I'm super quick and like using this new speed I've never experienced. And I jump on his back from around and I try to choke him. Grapple.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"No, Grog has that ability. He has a different-- he's not a frenzy barbarian. But he does get two attacks. He does get two attacks. So you get to attack again. This time, I run around him because I'm super quick and like using this new speed I've never experienced. And I jump on his back from around and I try to choke him. Grapple. Go ahead and roll an athletics check. That plus ten. 23. You go ahead and roll an athletics or",Acrobatics
Athletics,"having fun. It's going down in the Whole Foods parking lot! So I'm still hanging on him. Yeah, you're holding onto him by throat, he slammed you against the wall, he's elbowed you in the stomach twice. I'm, again, having fun, superspeed. I'm going to, while holding onto him, crawl up his back and jump over and try to land and try to do the move where I do that and throw him. Yeah! Yeah, against one of the pillars in the bar, away from the innocent people.",Athletics
Intimidation,"now I'm just hanging on the front of him. I'm still holding on, but now I'm in front of him, dangling. He's stand-spooning you. What is this? Yeah, so now I-- Reverse pile-drive. Go for it! Don't think, act! Well, I want to start-- What would Chode do? Well, this is play for him, so I don't know, this is not an attack, I just want to tickle him. Kind of grinding on him. In a way, trying to use that to his advantage to make him uncomfortable.",Persuasion
Insight,"Cat. C-A-T. And I leave. You're so smart! Do we see Pike come out after him? You're still in the tavern? I left after him. You did. So then you watch Pike come out in a huff a little after him. Pike? Hey! What happened in there? Oh, nothing. Just hanging out. Just having a drink. I'm going to go take a nap, I'm very tired. Pike.",Insight
Insight,"after him? You're still in the tavern? I left after him. You did. So then you watch Pike come out in a huff a little after him. Pike? Hey! What happened in there? Oh, nothing. Just hanging out. Just having a drink. I'm going to go take a nap, I'm very tired. Pike. Insight check. Well, we don't really need to roll an",Insight
Perception,"So you take the five damage right to the jaw. Whack! So now you got both sides of the jaw ringing a little bit in pain. This is the best game of Boulder-Parchment-Shears! Who else wants to-- Is it just a two-player game? I am walking away with my chocolate milk and walking over to you guys. They're bonding. And as he's going, I sneak a bullet from him. You can try. You can certainly try. All right, go ahead and roll for that. Roll your sleight of hand. And Percival, I want you to",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"Who else wants to-- Is it just a two-player game? I am walking away with my chocolate milk and walking over to you guys. They're bonding. And as he's going, I sneak a bullet from him. You can try. You can certainly try. All right, go ahead and roll for that. Roll your sleight of hand. And Percival, I want you to go ahead and roll a perception check. Perception is 19. All right, so go ahead and roll. So I have to get what? You're rolling with sleight of hand, so",Sleight of Hand
Deception,"""For a number of months, yes."" Yeah. Good guy? ""We don't converse often, but he pays well, and the work is-- the work is very rewarding."" Right. Does he have a firm handshake? (stammers) You should find out. Yeah, no, shake his hand. No, go ahead, right now. ""I do not presume to want to-- I mean, unless you would want to?"" No. ""Okay, yes, I am sorry, I do not mean to--"" In his custom, 'no' means 'yes, I crave it deeply'.",Persuasion
Deception,"better. Bit of warning. Don't use her name. All right, so I'll just walk up to them. You walk up to the two of them? Yeah, sure. All right. The cloaked figure is in the middle of conversation, and speaking Marquesian, which you understand, to the effect of, ""We've been looking, and apparently all the shipments have ""been diverted and held off until--"" And hears the footsteps and turns over and sees you. ""Oh."" (confused sounds) (clears throat) Twins. Funny. What are the odds?",Deception
Survival,"forms and begin to follow after Lionel's lead. As you guys coast over the upper areas of Ank'harel, it's a beautiful view looking down at this gorgeous city, just this glittering jewel of color and architecture, one of the older cities in Exandria that portions of it seem to have survived elements of the Age of Arcanum and the Calamity, and one of the first societies to spring up thereafter. And it's beautiful to see this history, far longer than that of Tal'Dorei, or at least the human societies of Tal'Dorei, just standing obstinate against the dark oppression of the surrounding desert. You continue to head in that direction, with you leading. Lionel, I need",Survival
Survival,"you guys coast over the upper areas of Ank'harel, it's a beautiful view looking down at this gorgeous city, just this glittering jewel of color and architecture, one of the older cities in Exandria that portions of it seem to have survived elements of the Age of Arcanum and the Calamity, and one of the first societies to spring up thereafter. And it's beautiful to see this history, far longer than that of Tal'Dorei, or at least the human societies of Tal'Dorei, just standing obstinate against the dark oppression of the surrounding desert. You continue to head in that direction, with you leading. Lionel, I need you to roll a survival check.",Survival
Nature,"You guys are maybe 100 feet up or so, and you've just now hit the edge of the Smouldercrown mountain range. Starting to go into the entrance. Yes. The entrance of the mountains. You haven't found an entrance to the actual mountain rock itself. Are we going to go on foot from here? That's up to you guys. I think we'll get a little closer. I'll wait 'til we get closer. From up here, does the mountain formation look like it's naturally formed, or like some sort of other event? Is it seismically formed?",Nature
Perception,"layers beneath where portions of the earth seem to have been jammed, cracked, and pushed upward. But because it's so localized, it isn't like there's tectonic plates shifting or anything, it's not a mass range. Most mountain ranges are long, driven locations that mark where those various boundaries are. This is just a central formation, so you're uncertain as to what the nature of this creation was, but it seems natural. I'm picturing beautiful Bob Ross mountains. Just lightly touch. Happy accidents. Happy little TPK. Yeah. Percy, can I have you roll a",Investigation
Perception,"uncertain as to what the nature of this creation was, but it seems natural. I'm picturing beautiful Bob Ross mountains. Just lightly touch. Happy accidents. Happy little TPK. Yeah. Percy, can I have you roll a perception check, please? Yes. I'm not gonna roll that, 'cause you've been-- I feel like that's yours. It landed on other dice. I'm gonna let it be there, though. Actually, yeah, it's 20. Okay. You, Mr. Human, with no actual Darkvision, do not get lost on the path. Taryon,",Perception
Investigation,"trees that you notice, Keyleth, they're sporadic in places, and there is scrub brush, sparse, there are areas of the ground where it's dried and cracked. The badlands here, the sands of the deserts, the big storms largely don't make it into the center of the valley because the mountains protect it. While there are elements of it here and there, you can see the topography and the landscape here is very dried, cracked, red earth. Little moisture seems to be contained here. The plant life that exists here is designed to subsist on very, very little water. You eventually come, Lionel, to the area where you believe you found the last entrance. Make an",Investigation
Investigation,"been quite as weathered as the exterior of the mountain appears to be. So apparently the entrance that you originally used either has collapsed on its own, or was intentionally shut. I could've sworn it was right here, you guys. I don't know what's with all these rocks. It looks like it was caved in, actually. This is 100% the spot? Pretty sure. I mean, I don't have the best memory or knowledge or brains or really any skills, but I'm pretty sure this was it. Don't be so hard on yourself, Lionel. Does it look deliberate, or does it look natural?",Investigation
Stealth,"(laughter) No, I can tell, his body language is super chill for a duck. 20 feet. What else do we want? Do we wanna ask if he recognizes who did this? That's a good one, that's a good one, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, greenie. How-- who did this? What caused the cave-in? ""People."" You know, I have a similar problem when I try to talk to cows. They have face-blindness. I'm just gonna stealthily start following the path around.",Stealth
Investigation,"I think there's also an entrance at the top of this spire, if we want to do a downward approach, but that seems risky. You follow the tracks, and about 200 or so feet around the edge, and you have to follow them between a few smaller rocks that are jutting out at the base of the mountain, and the terrain itself rolls a bit, and cracks in places. There are small fissures from recent rains that caused the earth to well up and tear in places, and eventually the tracks curve in towards the mountain and end, and it's just sheer mountain. There's no sign of an entryway visually. Can I search for one?",Investigation
Investigation,"gasping, Keyleth was filling us in. You know, I think it's right around that direction. Follow the gasping. It feels like it's really close to the gasping. I'm going to go check out the top. (mist sound) Give me shit, and then take off on your own. Well, I'm not going to stick my face in something. All right. So you fly up. (flapping wings) 60 feet a round. It'll take you a good five minutes or so to make your way towards the top end of the spire. As you're going, make an",Perception
Stealth,"Well, I'm not going to stick my face in something. All right. So you fly up. (flapping wings) 60 feet a round. It'll take you a good five minutes or so to make your way towards the top end of the spire. As you're going, make an investigation check. Can I stealth as cloud? Oh, you're going cloud! Sorry, I thought you were doing your wings. As a cloud, you get there really fast. So as you make it up there, you cannot-- I will say, for the purposes of this... I'm wind. I'm not going high, I'm going through the treetops.",Stealth
Investigation,"minutes or so to make your way towards the top end of the spire. As you're going, make an investigation check. Can I stealth as cloud? Oh, you're going cloud! Sorry, I thought you were doing your wings. As a cloud, you get there really fast. So as you make it up there, you cannot-- I will say, for the purposes of this... I'm wind. I'm not going high, I'm going through the treetops. Yeah, so make a stealth check. All right, I will. That is very good. That is a 35. 35, okay. As far as you understand, no one",Stealth
Investigation,"I'll just go. Dimension Door 400 feet straight in. Wait, I'll go with him. I'm going to go with you. I'm keeping my eye on him. All right. (poof) You guys appear inside the cavern. Darkness. You can see the firelight ahead, the flicker at the end of the tunnel, and you can see the tunnel, the straight portion of it, maybe 100 feet forward, begins to shift and bend a little bit. It starts to turn into more of a natural cavern as it goes. Whatever drove its way in here has merged with a natural path on the inside of the mountain, possibly even merged with the cave-in path. You look on the ground, and both",Investigation
Perception,"effect. Bail. Bail! Bail! Out! Did it hit you that fast? It didn't hit you? There was no attack from the face, either. I get the distinct impression, perhaps, that you used it up, and probably alerted them that somebody was at that entrance. Let's maybe move away from the entrance. Can I peek my head back in and do a... You glance in. No trigger, nothing. The face seems inert. I peek my head in. Does the flickering light in the distance seem brighter?",Perception
Investigation,"get to see the very faint bead of light at the very tip, and it doesn't seem to change over the next 30 seconds, next minute, next two minutes while you focus intently. You don't see any shift or change. Should we just go in? We could. So you think the face is recharging? I think I might have used up its only charge, potentially. Or it's recharging. It's like a booby trap, used once. I will take a look at it, and look at the area and see if there's anything left to it or other traps further down.",Investigation
Arcana,"while you focus intently. You don't see any shift or change. Should we just go in? We could. So you think the face is recharging? I think I might have used up its only charge, potentially. Or it's recharging. It's like a booby trap, used once. I will take a look at it, and look at the area and see if there's anything left to it or other traps further down. Okay. Make an investigation check. Well, if he's going in, Taryon will go in and Identify the thing.",Arcana
Arcana,"area and see if there's anything left to it or other traps further down. Okay. Make an investigation check. Well, if he's going in, Taryon will go in and Identify the thing. Okay. Go ahead and make an arcana check. 19. 19, okay. You glance by, you check it. As you both are looking at it, both Taryon and Vax approach the face, and the carving is rudimentary. It looks more like it was prepared as the basis of-- what did you roll? 17, but I've got Identify. Yeah. There's no magical essence to it any",Arcana
Stealth,"step past the illusory barrier into the interior of the cavern, it is just darkness. Is Percy back yet? Yes, I just got back. Percy, hold on to my waist, dear. Should we use our flashlights or no? No, I don't think so. I'm going to stay 30 feet in front of the group and continue to check for traps. All right, so everyone roll stealth. And add ten to it because of Pass Without a Trace. Doty's going to click his boots of whatever. His boots of elven...",Stealth
Nature,"imagine you have Trinket in your necklace? Yes. All right. So at the very end, Grog, you're walking, and Scanlan's there at your side, and Doty walking in front of you, lumbering, surprisingly quiet. And you get the sense the reason you're so stealthy in here is because as you step, it's soft. It's like stepping on a bunch of very, very fine powder. (heavy footsteps) It helps cushion your footfalls. Like snow? Or ash? Like ash, almost. Like a very, very fine dust. Can I dip down and grab a bit of it and",Nature
Nature,"Yes. All right. So at the very end, Grog, you're walking, and Scanlan's there at your side, and Doty walking in front of you, lumbering, surprisingly quiet. And you get the sense the reason you're so stealthy in here is because as you step, it's soft. It's like stepping on a bunch of very, very fine powder. (heavy footsteps) It helps cushion your footfalls. Like snow? Or ash? Like ash, almost. Like a very, very fine dust. Can I dip down and grab a bit of it and do a nature check on it? Is it ash?",Nature
Survival,"dust. Can I dip down and grab a bit of it and do a nature check on it? Is it ash? Sure, make a nature check. It's cocaine! First she eats the soul, then she just does a line in the middle of the tunnel. Keyleth's gone off the end, it's really bad. 15. 15's not too bad. You taste it, and you smell it. It's not ash. It's very, very, very fine powder. It has an earthy rock taste to it. And are there any tracks or footprints ahead of Pike and I?",Survival
Investigation,"15. 15's not too bad. You taste it, and you smell it. It's not ash. It's very, very, very fine powder. It has an earthy rock taste to it. And are there any tracks or footprints ahead of Pike and I? Make a survival check. Survival. Ooh, that's good. 19. 19. You do see some tracks stepping up and down, yes. Both ways? Both ways. Shite. All right. So pushing forward, another 30 or",Investigation
Nature,"40 feet, roll another investigation check. Not perception? Not for checking for traps, man, it's investigation. Always been. 21. 21, okay. Fine, if Matt wants to change the rules 100 games in, I guess so. All right, so you continue moving forward. You do not see any traps, anything that catches your attention. Can I just do a little, I'm going to scoop up a little bit and say, Percy, can I get a little bit of water added onto this? Can I do",Nature
Nature,"21. 21, okay. Fine, if Matt wants to change the rules 100 games in, I guess so. All right, so you continue moving forward. You do not see any traps, anything that catches your attention. Can I just do a little, I'm going to scoop up a little bit and say, Percy, can I get a little bit of water added onto this? Can I do another nature check on what this is? You are fucking fascinated with the god damn ash. I'm not going to tell you to make another",Nature
Perception,"I'm not going to tell you to make another nature check. You can't keep making rolls until you get a better one. It turns into an immediate mud. It's a very, very fine silt, almost. What color is the rock? The powder, you mean? I can't see anything, can I? Never mind. You can see nothing. In fact, when you say, ""Percy, get some water on this,"" you're like, ""What? I don't-- where?"" You have to guide his hand. And is it dead silent in here? It's dead quiet from where you currently",Perception
Investigation,"sounds of footsteps and scraping stone. In one little, sounds like a (whistle), like a brief sucking sound, and that's it. Over the earring, not alone. Not alone. Something up ahead. I don't think we're camping. If we camp, then they won't find us. They can't see the door. What do y'all want to do? You're on point. Keep going. I say we keep going. If it's an emergency, we can all jump into the mansion, maybe. I'll activate my boots. Is everybody okay to keep going? Okay. You continue another 40, 50 feet down",Investigation
Investigation,"Pickle along, and continue to carefully search. Okay. As you approach and step toward the space right between where the two faces are, you make one footfall between the two of them, and nothing happens. You successfully dispelled the effect. You sneaky. Wanted to fuck with you. You continue pushing forward for another 50 or so feet. You're starting to get fairly close at this point to where the arrow may have dropped. Oh, shit, you were right by fucking other faces when you popped in before! You moved just a little bit beyond them.",Investigation
Investigation,"pushing forward for another 50 or so feet. You're starting to get fairly close at this point to where the arrow may have dropped. Oh, shit, you were right by fucking other faces when you popped in before! You moved just a little bit beyond them. Make another investigation check. You're not there yet, but you're getting closer. 18. 18, okay. You don't seem to notice any strange or different elements of the topography that worry you. You push on for another 40, 50 feet or so, and you're just now on the cusp of where the arrow dropped. Make another",Investigation
Perception,"straight, or there's one at the... The one that's on the left will lead you back to the entrance where you first came in, but it was collapsed, the one that you knew. If you keep going straight, it'll lead you towards the light and where you saw these people last time you were here. If we go left, it's going to take us back the other way, so that's safe, but we could keep going straight where the light is. We're here for your friends, right? Yeah, they might still be alive. And I call out, hello? Okay. It echoes. ""Hello?"" Everyone make a",Perception
Insight,"(hushed laughter) Will you go drinking with me some time? We'll see. By the way, I want you to know: when you died, I sang a song I would never sing for anyone else, and I'm sorry you didn't hear it, but it was really hard. Is that true? Yes. He sang? Yes. Do a truthful check. Do you know what he sang? A truthful check? Sure, I'll roll a truthful check.",Persuasion
Stealth,"kill them. (whispering) Can I murder one first? (whispering) Yes. (whispering) Thank you. (whispering) Wait, I shoot-- You're still inside the mansion. I thought she said the door was just barely open. Yeah, but they're not walking by  you made the door way back in the tunnel. You see them up toward the T-juncture. So you guys would have to leave the mansion and get there quickly. Shit. We sneak out. We sneak out and shoot them from behind.",Stealth
Investigation,"And I use a bonus action for an offhand attack. And I got a critical on it. I rolled a 20. You rolled a 20 on the second one? Okay. Roll damage on that. 76 for the first hit. Okay. In an instant-- don't worry about the second attack, critical damage. Both of them just go-- (footsteps) (thud) (laughter) What's in the box? What's in the box? You lift up the box-- We check it for traps.",Athletics
Stealth,"Wait, hold on. Would you like this, either of you? It's not my bag. Gain a plus two bonus to attack... It's a weapon. All right, so what's the plan, guys? What are you doing? We should go. We should go attack things. Campfire! Well, let's go quietly, you and I, take point. And head deeper in, see where the people have been. Twins are in the lead.",Stealth
Investigation,"for it! Yeah, you've got to juggle these balls. All righty. Sorry, Matt. What do we do? He's going to kill him! He's going to kill one of them! What should we do? Let's go! You move further into the tunnel. Twins in the lead, point, traps. All that. All right. Searching, keeping an eye out for any other people as well. All right, it's only 80 feet until the winding tunnel opens up slightly. So, make another",Investigation
Perception,"hallway. Well, if anything's going to bring more skeletons, it's that. Clicking my boots. I'm going to burn my quick heal. Might as well. What are you guys doing? Pushing forward, staying where you are? Should you heal us before we pop into anything more? Can you heal us? Yeah. I can heal us. That was a lot. That was a lot. I'm doing this.",Athletics
Perception,"interior rock formations, and you can see a larger chamber beyond that. You have the right and left. I pop Trinket out. Okay. Trinket pops out of your necklace. What are you guys doing? Can I hear the noise of the ziggurat coming from either side more? You hear it coming from both sides. Let's split up. What about wind or anything? There's the general wind in the room, but it's (whoosh) whipping around you, picking up sand and dust from the ground. Do we see faces on either side?",Perception
Perception,"to go, Matt, it's from your perspective. Well, do the best you can to see. The map's right. Towards and away from the ziggurat, and the ziggurat's 12:00 and we're 6:00. We'll just say leeward and windward. Starboard. Okay, so. There is a singular figure standing up here that seems to be giving orders and shouting it out to the side. Female voice rings out across the center of the chamber and says, ""Remnants, slay the intruders and grant their bodies to the cause!"" Can I see whose voice that was?",Perception
Deception,"rolling. All right, so at the beginning of this initiation, with the orb now flaring this pale gray-white and Delilah Briarwood standing there at the top of the ziggurat, staring down and focusing on the group of intruders that have just rushed in. Keyleth, it's your turn. Oh god. Okay. I am going to, under the cult hood that I have, transform my face with Alter Self into Sylas Briarwood. Okay. Her husband. Her dead husband. I'm going to have his face, and I'm going to walk forward and say, Delilah. Don't. It is me.",Deception
Investigation,"We did, because we had the mansion. You did. So by this conversation happening, the rummaging through the bodies, inspecting the vicinity, I'd say you maybe have 20 more minutes on your wings. Oh yeah, did we rummage through the bodies? Let's rummage through those bodies. You did, that's how you found the objects. While they rummage, Keyleth wants to test the radius. No, we found the objects on that cart. That's right, you found them on the cart. You did not actually rummage through the bodies. Is there anything on the bodies?",Investigation
Investigation,"and pull us out. Just earring us if something happens. Badger. Badgers burrow, right? Do badgers burrow? They do burrow. That's why I said stay, but that's all right! (laughs) All righty. So you guys all make your way back to the second entrance, the hidden, illusory one. You all back out of it, leaving just Pike and Grog on the inside. And we're helping them figure out where to punch to make everything-- Okay, cool. So I need you to go ahead and make",Investigation
Nature,"Immediate hot daylight hits you, the blaring sun of the Marquet sky. Clear blue sky, no clouds. You're now surrounded by a series of browned and leafless trees with these large canopies that have the same pear-like fruit hanging from the branches. Fruit? Fruit? Looks like fruit. Are you hungry? I'm hungry! Hold on. I hold up Pike to go grab some fruit. We'll check it! Don't worry, it's just fruit.",Perception
Investigation,"Want some mayonnaise to cleanse your palate? I take out the jug and I go: honey! Hey! Oh, all right! Just a couple of sticky warriors. No, Grog! Just as a breeze blows a bit of a dust cloud through, which coats your sticky hands with heavy desert sand. You chew for a minute and feel the crunch of granules inside your mouth where you inhaled. (crunching) Jug goes away. Back to you guys. You were looking for the other entrance? Yeah, up top.",Perception
Investigation,"All right. How's it going down there? Have you found it yet? Up here? Yes. Fabulous. Our friend, Keyleth, is amazing. She jumped in, didn't she? Yes, she did. I'm going to Earth Glide to the bottom and then peek my earthy face out of the top, see if I can see down. Are you following the actual path? Yeah. I'll try to be conscious to make sure I don't hit anything that looks precarious.",Investigation
Nature,"Yeah, you guys should try it. I pick up a piece of the local fruit and smell it. How do I describe the smell? It's reminiscent of discovering old lemon juice that has grown sticky on a surface, like a dark mahogany wood surface. Kind of like a bar floor. We'll go with that. No, I don't think I will. It belies its true flavor. I don't think it does. This looks like it's rotten from the landscape. It looks like it's all gone bad. Has it gone bad?",Nature
History,"I'm rubbing off on you. Yeah. I don't know. Sleep on it. I'm going to go think. I have no idea what just happened. Yeah. I'm going to double-check the orb room just for a moment, for my own paranoia. The crisis orb room? Actually, I'll go with him. Just to look, and then I'm going to start researching that symbol. I'm going to go to the library and I'm showing the council everything. Okay. You speak with the rest of the standing chamber. You begin to do your research.",History
Persuasion,"happened to Larry? ""Found a new occupation: chalice collector."" What am I going to do with all these chalices? ""Actually..."" Well, Larry. You know that these chalices are probably going to be used to save the world. ""That sounds like a perfect reason to buy them."" It does, doesn't it? And just think how wonderful it will be when you can tell everyone that you sell to that you sold the things that saved the world to Vox Machina.",Persuasion
Investigation,"They're a bit hard to make, and they may just not be useful at all, but I thought... I don't know how any of this works. I'll see what I can do. Yeah. I'll see what I can do. Thank you. Okay. You take the silver shot. Anyone want to try anything else? Yeah. I want to buy some holy oil, or get some holy oil from the church, or something. (laughter) Where do I get holy oil? From the church. We've gotten holy oil before. I just can't remember from where.",Insight
History,"in the center of this circular-like city, the standing, ominous, commanding, massive spire of obsidian black, familiar to both of you through two different types of vision you've experienced. A jagged monolith that exudes ancient hatred, encircled by dozens of dark, winged beasts that watch over the dreary skies. Who here is proficient in history? Nobody is proficient in history?! We're doomed to repeat it. Really, Percy? No, I have other qualities, history was not my forefront. I know Whitestone. Somewhere, Taryon is reading a history book.",History
Perception,"And the ziggurat is above us? There is no ziggurat. There is a large, black spire, but that's in the center of the city maybe two miles off. As we hop down, I cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us. There are buildings around, so are we in the middle of a field, a plain, badlands? There are buildings. You see two structures maybe 50 or 60 feet from you on each side, and then going forward, from your current position, it leads right into the city. So this structure is on the outskirts. It's right on the perimeter. Do we see any other orbs around?",Stealth
Stealth,"the signs of life that exist in this space, the movement you see of figures in the distance wandering through the streets, there's no immediate threat to this city, but you get the sense just looking out that something big happened here a long time ago. Any of you with the eyes, can you see what that is up in the air? Yeah, I also want to look and see what the fuck kind of creatures it is that are moving around in the city. But I want to see what kind of creatures are flying around as well. Okay, so you guys have moved down from the platform, and you cast Pass Without a Trace, so",Stealth
Perception,"It's hard to tell at this distance. You're so far out of the city. You've only been able to notice a few shapes from this distance. You'd probably have to get in a little closer and spend some time watching their behavior to pick that up. I'm going to crouch down by this dead rodent. Do I sense the Queen, more or less, here? Make a wisdom check. 18. You close your eyes for a second. No. None. Can I pop my head back out the door, and looking at the ground, is there any semblance of a sewer system or a runoff grate or anything?",Perception
Performance,"Okay. All right. What do you guys do? I think we should probably try to observe the things that are flying around the tower. Slowly make our way to the town. Observe. Still try to avoid any of those scary creatures, but see if they avoid each other as we look at them. Super slow, super careful. Maybe we should stagger. No, those things were speedy. Be normal. We'll walk like this. Left, right, left, step, step, step. (laughter)",Performance
History,"blocks of the city, you see broken swords, you see pieces of armor, and you see figures walking through the street ahead of you. You see hundreds of scattered skeletons, decomposing bodies shambling through, but they all walk in patterns. They're not scattered, mindless. There is some will or direction to their movements. You see them wearing ornate armor with designs and symbols on them that look old and tarnished and scratched. Are they moving like troops or is each individual following its own...? Some are moving as troops, and occasionally you see an individual wander off, but they're just sort of walking around and scanning. I'm going to",Religion
Religion,"pieces of armor, and you see figures walking through the street ahead of you. You see hundreds of scattered skeletons, decomposing bodies shambling through, but they all walk in patterns. They're not scattered, mindless. There is some will or direction to their movements. You see them wearing ornate armor with designs and symbols on them that look old and tarnished and scratched. Are they moving like troops or is each individual following its own...? Some are moving as troops, and occasionally you see an individual wander off, but they're just sort of walking around and scanning. I'm going to have Scanlan, you roll a history check, and Pike,",Religion
Perception,"Do we recognize them? No, not yet. Never seen anything like it? You have not seen anything like these before. Black as night against the gray sky. From this distance, you make out no details in their bodies. It's almost like a moving shadow above you. Wherever light would hit to give you some sense of structure, it's just absence, void. It's just a flying shadow. Are there any buildings that have enough structure to them where it feels like there might be things inside that have been relatively unmolested at this point?",Perception
Athletics,"as he turns around, out of one of the cracks in the stonework nearby, you can see some dry, grass-like gray brush. There is what appears to be some faint hints of local plant life, but it all looks like gray, dry grass. Or, you know after a morning freeze, when you see elements of a field that have that weird, textured, almost water plant look to it? It's clusters of that, but curled. And one of those whips out with this one, long, grayish, almost fleshy-looking vine that wraps around it and yanks it inside the house. (grunt) Gets yanked in. Grog, you catch him. Cover his mouth. Like clockwork.",Athletics
Stealth,"Excellent. Can he still talk? Yeah, when I take my hand off his mouth. This thing will allow him to talk. I believe this thing has a... It has a little slit that you can remove to the side. It's got a gimp hole? All good magical items do, Liam. That's what you call an artifact. I give him a second to sit and I wait until we're all inside. Okay. You guys both attacked. Pull the bodies inside.",Stealth
Intimidation,"going to have a conversation. Given where you are, the circumstances that we find you in, I'm going to let you know that there is a curse upon my weapon, and the souls that are killed with this weapon are claimed by a demon named Orthax. Now, I haven't experimented as to what happens when somebody's soul is claimed by more than one creature, but I'm excited to find out. So wouldn't it be interesting if everything you've been promised here is suddenly null and void? So, yes, we may threaten your life, but I want you to know that what's really at stake here is just precisely what's left of your soul, so answer with caution. And I unlock.",Persuasion
Investigation,"Yes, and that is the same symbol. It is, okay. We're in an ancient city. Are there the remains of furniture in here? I just want to take a nap or a cozy sit-down. No, I want to shove him in a closet or wrap him up in something. I'm putting him in the Bag of Holding as you're talking. We can't keep everything. Does anybody see any-- Never mind. Is there anything of interest in this building, since we have a moment?",Investigation
Investigation,"one or two swoop down and land on a distant rooftop, and you hear the crunching of heavy stone and whatever materials were still remaining on the roof of that structure as it lands and surveys a bit, and then (whoosh) takes off and joins the rest of its kin. Do any of the buildings look remarkable or interesting? I'm trying to keep an eye out for any building that may have anything inside it of vague importance. Either the building itself is slightly more interesting, or it looks like maybe someone has boarded something up to try and maintain some kind of vigil against the darkness? I'm not entirely sure. Out of the ordinary.",Perception
Medicine,"We've seen long-dead people. This is fucking creepy in the upside-down. (airplane noise) What's going on? I called the airport to try and coordinate this time with you guys. Cost me 17,000 dollars for that one five-second bit, so enjoy it, guys. Worth it. Totally worth it. These bodies, compared to the ex-champion of the Raven Queen, do these bodies seem even older? More decayed? Do we have any sense for how old these fuckers are? You would have to get up close and that",Medicine
Medicine,"Totally worth it. These bodies, compared to the ex-champion of the Raven Queen, do these bodies seem even older? More decayed? Do we have any sense for how old these fuckers are? You would have to get up close and that would be a medicine check. Would you want to try and make your way close enough to one of these bodies to inspect it enough? How far off are they? If you guys continue moving forward, you'll be at that intersection in about 30 seconds. I'm not going to go. I'll wait. I could go up close with somebody and do a",Medicine
Stealth,"begin to (footsteps). Can I just waft some of the smoke towards them? Shamble in your direction. The rest of the group noticing-- You begin blowing the censer smoke that way. You watch as three of the closest skeletons make their way into the fume and seem to vaguely lose interest for a brief moment. Since we're close, can I do a medicine check? Are we close enough to? Yes, but with disadvantage because of the smoke. Oh, shit. Okay. You got this, Pike.",Stealth
Perception,"(laughing) So. In the billowing smoke that's coming around, Grog, because you brought it up, as well as the twins who have relatively high passive perceptions, and Keyleth as well, actually, you glance up and notice that the erratic patterns that a lot of the gloom stalkers take in the sky, there's two that seem to be circling, and circling. I don't like it, I don't like it. One of them (shrieks), and you watch as it goes into a dive in your direction. Oh, God! In our direction? Is there a building we can duck into?",Perception
Investigation,"swords to barricade the front windows or holes, I'm not sure which they are, but I'm going to barricade them. And the door, use the sword to jam the door shut. Are there dark corners that anybody could be hiding in, or another room? The room itself is pretty damn dark. The little bit of light that comes in through the distant, broken elements of the wall, there's enough light where you can kind of-- it's very dim light for you, Percy. Everyone else with Darkvision is all right to make out the interior. Cursory trap check, even though it seems unlikely.",Perception
Athletics,"side, but did not seem to cover both ends before they fell within this building. Let's get out of here. We should go out the other door as fast as possible. I'll take care of that barricade. But quietly. We don't want them to know that we're getting out the other side. I don't know if I can guarantee that. What are you doing, Grog? Moving shit out of the way of the door, in a... Medium pace? Let's call it a medium well.",Stealth
Stealth,"the undead wandered towards that illusion, some are still on the other side, and now that you've pulled the censer back from it, the other door's kind of (bangs) coming pushed in. You can see light peeking through. You guys rush out, still with your Seeming illusion on, and you hear, very loudly, almost omnipresent, the screech, the (shriek) of the gloom stalker, right around the corner from you, as it begins to take off just on the other side of the building. Should we look for another building we can duck into? To lose their-- So they can't find us? Yeah, we can just go hopping from building to building.",Stealth
Perception,"So you guys rush past and, quick glance around, you find one of the nearby buildings. It's a little more dilapidated, but it seems to have at least enough cover where you can all dive into the shadows and seemingly vanish. You all stand there for a second, and you're super quiet, all breathing heavily (panting), the censer still billowing this awful, awful fume. It's filling your nose, your eyes are watering instinctually from the presence. It stings just to get into your sinuses, but you're all enduring it and trying to be as quiet as possible. Is there another door in this building that we can exit out?",Stealth
Medicine,"out is the same way you came in. Fuck. Unless you climb up and out. But as you open the censer and look inside, it looks like there is this ember, this cluster of burning, dried herbs. You're not quite sure what it is or where it came from, but it's currently glowing red in places. I'm going to give some of the herbs to Keyleth to examine. It's like on a charcoal? It has what looks to be charcoal stones in the bottom clustered around, and these herbs are placed over it, and it's burning and smoldering over time. Sure. Can I tell what the herbs are?",Nature
Nature,"Fuck. Unless you climb up and out. But as you open the censer and look inside, it looks like there is this ember, this cluster of burning, dried herbs. You're not quite sure what it is or where it came from, but it's currently glowing red in places. I'm going to give some of the herbs to Keyleth to examine. It's like on a charcoal? It has what looks to be charcoal stones in the bottom clustered around, and these herbs are placed over it, and it's burning and smoldering over time. Sure. Can I tell what the herbs are? Make a medicine check. No, this would be a",Nature
Perception,"mean, because it was a really smart plan. It worked for a bit. Not every plan is going to hold you to the very end. There was some cleverness to it. So you begin to move through these buildings before-- It would be Keyleth, Vex and Vax. You guys come around one small alley and it opens up into another main road, and this road's hard to avoid. It seems to be almost a circular central road that marks the outer and inner rings of Thar Amphala. But you see there, marking right across this road, a 15 foot tall wall that seems to lock in the inner cloister of the town. How thick does it appear to be?",Perception
Perception,"You could always get swallowed. By Mr. Mistoffelees? By anything. I get the distinct impression we're going to have options before this day is over. I feel like we're going to have to do a lot of things to stop this. We need to get into the tower! We don't even know how to do that! We don't know what we're talking about, which is why I think the idea to go scope it out is a good one. Does it look like there's any windows on the tower, or is just a big old Rapunzel tower?",Persuasion
Intimidation,"on our world, why don't we just burn the whole fucking city down? Destroy their rations. Destroy their weapons! I am excited by this plan. Wait, what? No! That's terrible! Let's burn down Manhattan. How do you do that?! Shall we ask this gentleman some questions? All right. I'm going to remove my hand. Obviously, you're like really cool with the purpose-- perspective of dying, and I'll quicken that if you make a loud noise. Right, like, if you've ever seen, like, Jello mixed with, like apple pudding. That's what I'll do to your head.",Perception
Investigation,"opens and his hands go limp and then (face exploding) and it just (splattering). Grog! Spray on Pike. I thought you were me giving the signal like, end it! No! I was going to-- whatever. All right. We'll work on it. We'll find another one. It's okay. Yeah, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Brains! Pike got Dragon Aged. Yeah! Is there a water bucket around?",Investigation
Stealth,"Oh my god. I forget, and then I remember to do it, and then we're already on the air. Indeed, we are. Welcome back, everybody. First off, our winner of the hero case from our friends at Wyrmwood is Rory1177. Rory1177, you are the winner for tonight. Congratulations. Denobo will contact you and get your information and have that shipped off to you asap, so congratulations. All right, so as the rest of you are taking a short rest, the two of you are making your way, as stealthily as you can, on the back of a gloom stalker as it encircles the exterior of the Castle Entropis. First off, I would like you both to make",Stealth
Perception,"I squeeze the gnome tighter. Oh god. I think you're out of range, so you don't get the plus ten anymore. That's okayish. 21. You have advantage, though, on everything. He's fine. 34. A low 34. Okay, so you guys begin to circle the exterior of the tower, making a wide spiral along its exterior. You make your way up. It's hard to gauge the full height of this tower, but it's at least six or seven stories tall, if not taller. I",Perception
Perception,"21. You have advantage, though, on everything. He's fine. 34. A low 34. Okay, so you guys begin to circle the exterior of the tower, making a wide spiral along its exterior. You make your way up. It's hard to gauge the full height of this tower, but it's at least six or seven stories tall, if not taller. I want you both to make perception checks, please. Now that we're closer, I'm looking for windows that she might not have been close enough to see. Doors, holes, anything.",Perception
Perception,"Yeah, there was some sort of massive pulse of energy, 20-something hooded figures just dropped dead on the spot. A wave of some shit blasted through us. Can I run out and look at the tower and see if the orb looks different? I join Vex. You guys rush out and peek outside of the doorway towards the top of Entropis. You see that the glowing pulse is gone. The energy tethers from the siphons are gone. Fuck. I look around. Are we still in the Shadowfell?",Investigation
Deception,"Hoods forward. One of them, who appears to be a younger man, probably 18, 19 or so, who's got this little patch of reddish brown chin fuzz and looks a little malnourished. He still has both eyes. He rushes up real fast, his hood pulling back a little bit, and he's looking around, excited but also with trepidation. ""So it's happening, huh? It's really happening!"" I guess so. It's fucking wild. So exciting. I'm so excited to be here! Oh, don't.",Deception
Perception,"I think he bought it. I think we played it really cool there, guys. I'm really bad at holding my eye shut for this long. So are we close enough now that we can start this? Not yet. You're about maybe 1,000 feet or so away. I'm going to see if there's any structures that are within distance so that once they set up and start, I can get to them. Maybe we can perch. We only need to be so far out. We can cover you from a roof.",Perception
Nature,"We're getting ready to teleport. And you watch as that creeping brightness forms a dome over your space, and then comes to a close over the top of the tower, and where once there was this gloomy skyscape, you now see what appears to be a brighter, clouded sky. The temperature grows a little colder, and you begin to see snowfall. Gentle snow begins to fall, and you watch as some of the cultists surrounding start reaching up and catching it in their hands. Now, now! We've still got to attack. It's totally taken us to Whitestone. It's okay, we can still kill everybody.",Nature
Intimidation,"Okay. Well, I'm done playing, so I'm going to take the Titan Stone Knuckles and smash them together and cast Enlarge on myself. Your cloak tears around your body, Incredible Hulk style as your form ruins what remains of the black, sheared fabric that once, even by the stretch of the imagination, pseudo-hid you, now... A bib remains. Exactly. It's almost like one of those Chippendale neckpieces. What you see is a number of cultists that were running away from the tower stop and see this, and then, almost instinctually,",Intimidation
Athletics,"Sure. Can I use my-- are we doing this? Yeah. Can I use my action to pick up my buddy Pike, and I'm going to try and throw her as far as I can towards where Vex's body is laying. Okay, so you're going to pick her up and move? There's no difference, right? You can pick her up and move and then throw her to give her the most distance, but you can only move half your speed as you're carrying her. It's essentially an agreed-upon grapple. You'd be able to move 25 feet with her. Versus picking her up and throwing her for",Athletics
Athletics,"Yeah. I can make it to her. The initiative is Grog, Pike, Vax right now. I should just go unload? Yeah, do your thing. I would like to rage. You are raging. Can I use my full speed to head towards Delilah? (counting) That's as far as you can get right there. With my bonus action, can I use my Boots of Feral Leaping to leap horizontally 20 feet? I want to get within melee.",Athletics
Perception,"worry. Four. Grog, you vanish. (groaning) Banished from this realm of existence. No! You appear on the ground in the Shadowfell, in the gaping crater where Thar Amphala once stood. You look around, up to the familiar cloudy, dark sky, and are alone. Wait. Y'all aren't in the Shadowfell anymore? No. Oh, right. Snow's falling. Wildemount, or some shit.",Perception
Perception,"Oh, right. Snow's falling. Wildemount, or some shit. Without a perception check, is anybody around, or is it just me? Nobody's around you, although you do look up and see maybe a dozen or so of the gloom stalkers, swirling up ahead. They haven't noticed you yet. God fucking damn it. You've been banished to another dimension. You can punch your way out of it. You know what? I only have one thought. Oh no. He's going to turn to the cards, y'all. He's going to turn to those cards. We've got this.",Perception
Perception,"Without a perception check, is anybody around, or is it just me? Nobody's around you, although you do look up and see maybe a dozen or so of the gloom stalkers, swirling up ahead. They haven't noticed you yet. God fucking damn it. You've been banished to another dimension. You can punch your way out of it. You know what? I only have one thought. Oh no. He's going to turn to the cards, y'all. He's going to turn to those cards. We've got this. Keyleth, perception check. What?",Perception
Stealth,"Just the one. Just the one Power Word Kill. The fact that he's not a god gives me diarrhea feelings. Okay. All right, and he's going to move back a bit, frustrated at the-- At everything. At your attempts to Counterspell. Actually, no. He laughed at that. ""Nice try."" It wasn't my best performance. All right, that's going to end his turn. Delilah's out. Grog. (laughs)",Stealth
Arcana,"see the face, the eye which just looks upward at nothing, the dead body still, the eye twitches and shifts to look at you. Oh! (unhappy humming) Her fucking eye is still moving. Should we take it out? Yes. It could be Vecna, watching us. Does it look reptilian? Can you put it in a bag or something? Cover it up? Wait, can I take a closer look at it and see if I can, I don't know, identify it somehow? Do you have an Identify spell? No, but can I just see?",Arcana
Athletics,"Briarwood, the eye shifts back towards you. The closer you get, you watch as the thinning slit of the pupil seems to widen and focus on you. It's an unsettling presence. As you try and concentrate to see if there's any immediate signs of whether it be sigils or arcane marks that would mark it to be more of a magically enchanted object than an actual organic eye, nothing comes to mind other than the fact that it seems to be very intent on studying you back. Can I try to remove it from the ocular cavity? Using your fingers? Yeah. My tiny, ocular hands.",Athletics
Athletics,"every person that's ever mattered to you, you've seen slain before you or heard about. You could stop that from ever happening again. All the answers you could have. You would have the power to prevent any of that from ever happening again. And it's so simple. It's so simple! Could we smack the eye out of his hand? As this is happening, you watch as he's looking at it and this hand goes up and starts clawing into his own eye socket. I'm going to use every dex I have. I'm going to slap fucking hard. Dex isn't going to help you so much as it's going to be a strength thing. Go ahead and make an",Athletics
Athletics,"Athletics. Oh, athletics, that's better. You're trying to slap it out of his grasp. 13. 10. You slap and the hand pulls back a little bit and he yanks it back. You can see a trail of blood beginning to pool out of the corner of the eye. Can I try to grab his hand and slap him across the face? Yeah. This is the last chance anybody has to try and do this or Scanlan loses an eye. We're going into Event Horizon moment, here. Go ahead",Athletics
Acrobatics,"You're trying to slap it out of his grasp. 13. 10. You slap and the hand pulls back a little bit and he yanks it back. You can see a trail of blood beginning to pool out of the corner of the eye. Can I try to grab his hand and slap him across the face? Yeah. This is the last chance anybody has to try and do this or Scanlan loses an eye. We're going into Event Horizon moment, here. Go ahead and make an athletics check. 27.",Athletics
Investigation,"What? (louder) Can you make the mist go away? I don't know. Can you try? I half-heartedly do a Gust cantrip while still sitting next to Vex. You watch as some of the mist dissipates and very quickly begins to roll back. The mist here is almost aggressive in its need to fill the space. Like a lot of things in the Feywild, it almost has its own sense of nature and purpose. It's not going to let someone push itself back if it wishes to exist on the forest floor. As you're rushing in to help, because you've already made the",Persuasion
Investigation,"Can you try? I half-heartedly do a Gust cantrip while still sitting next to Vex. You watch as some of the mist dissipates and very quickly begins to roll back. The mist here is almost aggressive in its need to fill the space. Like a lot of things in the Feywild, it almost has its own sense of nature and purpose. It's not going to let someone push itself back if it wishes to exist on the forest floor. As you're rushing in to help, because you've already made the investigation check and the mist is rolling in, and based on his inability to find it, you're not even quite sure where it landed. Make your own",Investigation
Nature,"come to you so you can make me disappear and come back? No! The eye! I can get rid of the eye! No, it makes me nervous, Scanlan. I want to keep our... eyes on it. (laughter) Fuck off! Maybe we should vote on this. Should we give it to me? Who says aye? You can buy my vote. I don't have that much. Yes, you do. You can buy my vote. I don't have enough. Are there any animals around?",Persuasion
Perception,"Yeah. How long does he have to rest so he's not exhausted? Long rest. These are all long rests. We're all getting long rests. I'll take second watch. I'm already exhausted. I frenzied last. Yeah, so if you don't rest, you don't get rid of that point of exhaustion. We've all learned what happens when I get two points of exhaustion. Good things. Vecna comes back, and we all die. Vecna is back. All right, so Percival, second watch?",Perception
Perception,"getting long rests. I'll take second watch. I'm already exhausted. I frenzied last. Yeah, so if you don't rest, you don't get rid of that point of exhaustion. We've all learned what happens when I get two points of exhaustion. Good things. Vecna comes back, and we all die. Vecna is back. All right, so Percival, second watch? Perception check. That'll do. That's a 21. Okay. Your watch continues without issue. Final watch is? I'll take it.",Perception
Stealth,"(whispering) Get on that. (laughter) Long, dark black hair. Groggily stepping into the glade where you just were. Is this your nymph? It's a familiar figure. Long, dark black hair? Pale? I run down from the tree. It's Powder from the movie Powder. Wait! Vax? I don't know. I'm asleep. We're asleep? You crawl down. What the fuck? I don't want him to see me.",Stealth
Insight,"It's a trick! It's a trick. It's a trick of the Feywild. I'm sorry I'm naked. Come here. I'm all right. He's physical. He's cold. But he's there. How are you here? I don't know. I died. I know. I didn't see it. I died, too. But you're back. So are you. I'm so glad you're back. Don't cry. I have your armor, and Keyleth-- are you all right? Are you really here? Yeah, I'm really here.",Insight
Medicine,"20? Right as you've known your brother, there doesn't seem to be anything that tells you otherwise. Vax? Can I put my hand on his chest and see if I feel a heartbeat? Now as you notice, now that you've lost focus from the fact that he's there, you can see where previously, there was a small, darkened spot on his chest that looked like a bruise of some kind that never quite went away, it has expanded a bit to be almost in the shape of wings across the front of the chest. Do I feel a heartbeat?",Medicine
Medicine,"I cannot wait for you both to be angry with me later. Okay. Does he feel cold? Colder than you remember, yeah. Oh god, he's undead. Is it you? I thought I killed you. You? I could have done more. No. Nobody could have done more for me. No. You're cold. Am I? I probably should put some clothes on, then. I put my ear up to his chest.",Medicine
Performance,"We can't do this alone. What about Artagan? That's his name, right? That's a start. Who? Artagan. The guy who messed with us for three days? Yeah, but he was really powerful. Oh, yeah. He was. I bet if we call the werewolves, he will show up, as well. I'll just howl for them real quick. It's not like we can stop you. True. (howls)",Performance
Religion,"favors. We are going to owe our lives. We are going to lose. Are we really going to pledge allegiance to a bunch of different gods? That's what we're going to do? That could be cool. We'll see. Do we each get different suits, matching suits, but in different colors? God powers? No, you're taking it too-- relax a little. Do you want some ale? Like Captain Planet? Who's your god going to be? Is there a god of mischief or song or cubes?",Religion
Religion,"going to lose. Are we really going to pledge allegiance to a bunch of different gods? That's what we're going to do? That could be cool. We'll see. Do we each get different suits, matching suits, but in different colors? God powers? No, you're taking it too-- relax a little. Do you want some ale? Like Captain Planet? Who's your god going to be? Is there a god of mischief or song or cubes? Make a religion check.",Religion
Perception,"And with a singular howl, you all shift out of the Feywild and then rapidly appear right on the outskirts of the outer wall of Vasselheim. You see the large, almost Sumerian-looking structures and walls that surround the outside. The ancient architecture of the place definitely has the oldest look, and you remember seeing it from the top when you flew in through your first skyship arrival into Vasselheim. The snow-covered ground and snow-covered trees as part of the Vesper Timberland. I immediately look around in a 360, very quickly. Does there look like any big cities that should not be here?",Perception
Survival,"Okay. That's two Greater Restorations. The memory returns to you of the Feywild. (gasps) Oh, I don't have to pee. (laughter) This makes me wonder if you've been doing it wrong this whole time. It's whenever he remembers. Vax. You feel this small, pounding headache in your head. It's a very faint burn. I actually have this. Yeah. You shake your head, and it changes in your head, based on where you're facing. What? Duskmeadow?",Survival
Religion,"What was she like? She was so beautiful! And just glowed. No! And I just can't even describe it, she just glowed and it felt like-- do you remember the movie Contact? (laughter) Yeah! You mean the old scroll? Yes, the old scroll Contact, where she gets to the beach and her dad is there? That's what it felt like! Wow! I need to go back there! Let's all go! Hang on. Do other gods live there?",Religion
Deception,"up the middle, there's one that looks to be a captain of some kind and this one to his right who's dressed in standard guard gear looks like he's got a few long-healed scars and he goes, ""That looks just like him."" Oh no. What did you do? What did you do? You were with him as Tary! I wasn't there! (laughter) The one in adorned armor. ""Sir, might I have your name and purpose here in Vasselheim?"" (high-pitched) Peter Frostbucket! I seek Lord of the Quad Roads!",Investigation
Deception,"small office by the gates. The captain-looking individual goes, ""Right, Mr. Frostbucket. We would like the both of you to ""please come with us."" The two guards rush into your flank a bit and place their hands on your shoulder and your shoulder. Me? I just met this man. I've never seen him before in my life. ""You've been walking with him for 20 minutes."" Thank you for coming over here. He was holding me hostage. He wouldn't let me leave. I'm a small man. I'm defenseless, and he was holding me captive.",Deception
Intimidation,"around us to die or be scared! All right! Is there a leader? Yeah, there's the captain. The one that looks scared looks over and says, ""Is your other friend around? The other big one?"" Kind of blanched complexion, orange hair? ""Yeah with the--"" Hits people in the face? ""That one."" Somewhere around here. Turns to the guard captain and goes, ""There's another one around here. Possibly two."" You know, the thing about that one, though, he doesn't like to leave loose ends.",Intimidation
Deception,"The guard captain there, immediately seeing this, reaches back and pulls a horn off his belt. (horn blows) I'm going to kill him. Don't kill him. We'll all die! I reach up and snap the horn. (horn blows, cracking) Horns make him angrier! And I'll make the image go crazy with rage. Angrily starts stomping around, not affecting anything directly. The only way to calm it down is if we slowly walk away in different directions. (laughter)",Deception
Perception,"vanishes immediately, and all of the guards that are rushing up stop, see this happening, and start switching over to their various crossbows and ranged implements. Sure. Yeah. I've got nothing. Literally, that escalated quickly. All right, so a bunch of shots trying to be taken at both of you. I'm going to say six to each from the crossbows. What's the giant eagle's AC, Marisha? Oh gosh, you are keeper of the giant eagle AC. Is the giant eagle small enough to Dimension Door? Nope.",Perception
Investigation,"you're getting further out of the range of any sort of ranged weaponry to be immediately effective, but you don't know how long before other, bigger guns are brought into the fray. What are you going to do? You look down over the whole Quad Roads and you can now see, the whole city of Vasselheim almost looks like a top-heavy X with the mountain range at the top. The Quad Roads is where that X meets at the base. What are you doing? Oh, you can't talk. Shit. Land us in an alley somewhere, and we'll change our appearance, I suppose. (squawks)",Perception
Perception,"sky? The sky is gently dappled with faint wisps of cloud and is blue and beautiful, but you do not see a particular sun in the sky. Though the light seems to be ever-present, what faint shadows you see seem to be almost from multi-directional light. There is no actual sun in the sky that you can see. The light appears ever-present. Strange. Wow, Grog. Ow. I'm going to keep an eye out, see if there's any movement in the fields while he's attuning his armor.",Perception
Perception,"it tear through some of the openings between these ever densely growing clusters of stonework. Occasionally, these stone structures resemble figures of old ancient figureheads from the Age of Arcanum, who bore the embrace of the Everlight with them before her following fell from grace. You can see the ravages of time and the diminishing of her influence following the Divergence are shown on some of these figures as they appear to be sheared or cracked or broken in places. But still, no sign of anything else moving on the island. Does it look like people are avoiding us or does it look like this is not a place of--",Perception
Investigation,"they appear to be sheared or cracked or broken in places. But still, no sign of anything else moving on the island. Does it look like people are avoiding us or does it look like this is not a place of-- Make a perception check. All right. I had a funny feeling you would say that. 12. You see no signs of any movement, any foot tracks. No signs of anything in the vicinity that would lead you to believe that you're being avoided or being watched. Does it look like anyone has been here for a very long time?",Investigation
Nature,"more, you find yourself standing in the deep center of some vast orchard, surrounded by an endless sea of fruit-bearing trees of all sizes, shapes and colors, intertwined, the canopy broken and sparse in places where you can see above a clear, blue, cloudless sky. You're no longer on the Island of Renewal, that's for sure. Oh, I thought, but isn't that where the Dawnfather is? Island of Renewal is where Sarenrae is. The blessed fields of Elysium is the plane. He existed elsewhere in there. I understand now. Is there the same ever-light sky?",Nature
Nature,"I fly up next to Keyleth so I can see. Wow. Do you think this is like Sarenrae, where we can't get to him unless we have him in our heart? You know, I feel a little bit more connected here. This I can-- it's trees. I'm surrounded by trees. This I can relate to. I mean, I've tried to talk to Pelor before. I've talked to the Sun Tree. (gasps) I wonder if the Sun Tree is here? Maybe he's got a twin here like you have a twin! Maybe. Do I recognize any of the fruit that's growing on the trees?",Nature
Investigation,"long ago when he had a thing for Sarenrae, and that was pretty bittersweet so he's staring off into space. Okay. One piece of fruit? One piece, just one little piece. An apple. No. We're in Elysium! Oh my god, please. If you do eat anything, and you shouldn't, but if you do eat anything, eat something you don't recognize, it'll be funnier that way. Is there any fruit that I don't recognize?",Insight
Nature,"relative of the Sun Tree. Maybe I know him by proxy. Maybe they're like, oh yeah, Sun Tree I remember him, he got taken away as a seedling, but he was really great. How's he doing? I mean, you know you want to. It's an Elysium tree, just saying. Maybe they don't even speak our language. It's possible. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity, Kiki. I'll try and speak to one of the Sun Trees that looks the most friendly. (laughing) Amicable tree.",Nature
Persuasion,"What is your business here?"" Guards. Best to let Scanlan and I take this. (laughter) Percy, do you want to flash a little Whitestone bling, at the moment? You're pretty Whitestone blinged. We're Vox Machina. We were sent here to speak to Pelor by the goddess Sarenrae. ""Sarenrae sent you?"" Yes, she did. ""With what business?"" To speak about a very big evil growing on the Material Plane.",Persuasion
Athletics,"cut off from Vex. I was running up the wall. I didn't make it in time? Not at your speed, no. It's a big chamber. Okay, I'm going to haste, as fast as I can. When I clicked my boots, do I still get a hasted action? Yes, you do. Okay, cool, then I can go 160 feet. Yes, you can. The planar is still holding on to the back of your head, it's going to make another strength check. I'm going to try to tail whip him. Is that a thing I can do?",Athletics
Athletics,"for this round. You try and get your wings back up. Are you going to do anything about the guy on your back or are you going to keep plugging as fast as you can upwards? He's on my back, or he's like hanging onto me? He's on your neck and head. He's holding on and trying to steer you off to the side by controlling your movement. I'm going to spin and try to slam into the wall and knock him into the stone. Can she do like a wing thing? Yeah, I'm going to use my wings to thrust me faster into the wall.",Athletics
Athletics,"up. Are you going to do anything about the guy on your back or are you going to keep plugging as fast as you can upwards? He's on my back, or he's like hanging onto me? He's on your neck and head. He's holding on and trying to steer you off to the side by controlling your movement. I'm going to spin and try to slam into the wall and knock him into the stone. Can she do like a wing thing? Yeah, I'm going to use my wings to thrust me faster into the wall. Okay, go ahead and make an athletics check.",Athletics
Athletics,"Okay, go ahead and make an athletics check. No, no. Okay. Athletics check, was a plus seven, so 19. 19? 17. so you slam into the wall and you hear (groans) behind you. The stained glass that shattered, reforms right where you left it, and you continue to ascend upwards. Still holding onto you, but it's now disadvantaged on its next roll because you slammed it into the wall. So (flapping) making your ascent upward as fast as you can, you watch as the tower slowly pincers closer and closer. You watch as another layer begins to close above. All right. He's going to attempt to try and slam you into the wall again.",Athletics
Investigation,"""since her wounding. She heals still, the wounded god, and has feared for the past eight centuries ""that her enemies seek to finish the job. We communicate on occasion through missives and ""emissaries. All that I know is the key to her hidden realm is within someone. The last word from ""the mistress from nearly a century before granted me this."" The gauntleted hand extends and opens, and there you see, apparating in the space above, what appears to be a three-dimensional topographical map of some kind. It slowly rotates, made of pure sunlight and flame. It's a mountain range with a glowing light within a small, hidden house or hovel within a forest. Make an",Investigation
Perception,"No other people? Guards? Nothing. You have the guards behind you, the large planetar and deva entities that stand there, armored in their golden plate, after ushering you out, are standing guard. Maybe we can ask them. Sure. I'll go up to one and say, hello there, big fellow. Standing a full ten feet taller than you, practically, the wings slightly bent, the large planar entity kneels down. ""Hello."" Hello. Vacation Scanlan here. Couple questions. By the way, was he one of the ones who fought in there?",Perception
Survival,"hitting jets of wind that are beginning to find their way over the mountain ranges, and you get blown a little off-course, but you maintain concentration as best you can in that direction. Who is leading this venture? I've been there. No, I knew of it, right? You knew of it, yeah. But I don't know exactly where. After listening to everybody, I'll lead the way. That way, I can keep an eye out for the forest next, too, and the house and all the things we're looking for. I got a good look at the map that Pelor held up in front of us, as well. Right. Okay, cool. I need you to go ahead",Survival
Perception,"looks like whatever toxic chemicals have burbled up in some of these pools have made a lot of the ground there unable to give any forest life or sustain any large trees. As soon as the forest begins, it's a dense little pocket, maybe a mile and a half, two miles across. That's what you've got. What do you guys want to do? Oh man. I should try to track any footprints in there and see if there's something around the edges, maybe, that lead back to-- shit, I don't fucking know. It's only a couple of miles. If you guys begin to do a loop-over, who's doing a quick pass over the patch of forest? All",Perception
Investigation,"life in here. You can see signs of squirrels. You rush by what was a family of wolverine-like creatures that are rustling by. As soon as the wind scoots in and your mist forms come rocketing past, they all scatter and run off into the shadows. There's a lot of forest ground here to cover. For you to really super track with advantage, you'd have to go into human form. I'd give you a regular roll if you want to try and track in your mist form. Not so much tracking right now, just a loose passover as we're going, looking for any kind of hunting traps or trails, signs of life of things that have been traversed a lot.",Investigation
Perception,"the local brush and trees there. Can't get a lot more detail at this distance, though. Okay. We land. I land. I follow. And behind a tree, I'm going to take form. You take your form? Okay. So all of you land and follow Vex? Yeah! You all take a minute to go back to your physical forms. You glance over, and there it is, standing before you. It's very shaded in this part of the forest. You can see a little bit of what looks to be interior light, very faint. Like a normal person-sized dwelling?",Perception
Investigation,"another piece of heavy stone that is by the wall to the side. With Grog's help, you snip it, bring it over, and tie it onto the edge of this piece of the stonework, like a small pole that was placed at the base of the house. It holds the weight of this suspended trunk and it no longer triggers based on the step. Percy, I'm sorry, I know you like a good Rube Goldberg. I was really excited by this thing. It's a shame to dismantle it. It's still there. Maybe when we leave, we can crash it down. Does the door look hinky at all?",Investigation
Performance,"I'm really very sorry to bother you, although I'm delighted to make your acquaintance. I'm having a very hard time not just smiling like an idiot. Could we trouble you just for a few moments? We mean no harm at all. We do need to talk to you. We've come a very long way... as farts. That's got to count for something. (sing-songy) We could give you some interesting conversation. 35 years is a very long time. We've done a lot, we've seen a lot, we could tell you all about it. I play an old, traditional gnome song to soften him a bit.",Performance
Insight,"time? Oh, well... Very well. You can come in if you like. Oh! Be careful, there's illusions and thingamabobbers. (stammers) Sorry, that's infectious. We have a really big guy. Are you all right with him coming in? Grog, are you all right with coming in? How the fuck do I get in that damn door? Have you not crawled on all fours before? You should try it if you haven't  it's quite delightful. Are you lying? No. For once, no, I'm not.",Insight
Investigation,"and wires you saw that were set up around portions of the room. I am going to try and map this in my head, the crazy stuff I'm seeing right now. This place is a hoarder's den. You see shelves and shelves of books and papers and scrolls and stacks of them. You see on bits of furniture and chairs more stacks of books and sacks and satchels and quills and inkwells. Some spilled and left and dried long ago. This place is very lived-in, very chaotic, and very unique. The first thing that I do as we come in is I scan the room, or rooms, for more Macaulay Culkin shenanigans.",Investigation
Arcana,"I got you. (laughing) Go away. So what do you have for me? You've had ample time to look in your Bag of Holding to produce something very-- Powerful. Well, I do have one thing that seems to be pretty powerful. Oh no, Grog. I pull out of the Bag of Holding a small leather case. I open the flap. I don't know if you have any interest in this, but my experience with these items has been very extreme. Would you care to take a card? Would you care to give them to me? All or just one? No, you can pick a card.",Investigation
Perception,"can blur up the stairs to where Percy is in probably 50 or 60 feet. And then finish that movement and go past the guy, out the window, with all of my movement in 120 feet or less. Okay, so I'm doing that. There's also a window here, a window here, and a window here. Just so you guys know, and a window here, if you wanted. Definitely understand. Blur up the stairs, shoot past Percy, shoot past that guy, out the window. You're on the balcony now, looking right about here. Do I already see those guys?",Perception
Perception,"Where do you Dimension Door? To the only place I know: front of the house. Outside the front door. Not right outside, but towards the edge of the map there. Over here? Yeah, anywhere around there, on approach to the house. Or do you want to be more over yonder? Where's the front door to the house? Right there. So I'd be 20 feet, the way we approached to the house. So where you got it, if that's the way we approached. You guys approached this direction. So",Perception
Perception,"Halved, correct. And 22 points of bludgeoning damage, halved. Okay, so 11 plus six is 27 points. That ends their go. We're at the top of the round. Percy, you're upstairs. Okay, this all happened. That's awkward. That's okay, I know where I am. I'm going to run out onto the balcony really quick. There's room over here. That guy's still up there with us, right? Yeah. I figure you're going to handle him. Grog, take care of these two. What do I see outside on the balcony? You see, currently down below-- make a",Athletics
Perception,"like it's largely all right. That finishes Vax's turn. Let me enjoy my last two months of life! Shadow ghast. What's the DC on the sphere again? 20. Is it 20? 19. He can't escape from this freaking sphere. The shadow ghast is up on the second floor going (growling). Manners, man. All right. Scanlan and Sprigg, what do you guys want to do? I have a question. The gentleman who had an he's gone, right? He's been blown apart.",Investigation
Insight,"Thank you for that. So that finishes your turn, Keyleth. Pike's turn. Pike sees this-- If we're retconning that in, I'm retconning (blows raspberry) when I see it. Don't get Gargamel angry. Does that mean that Keyleth would have seen the beholder beforehand? You know what, don't worry about it. No. You were so angry-- it's in the hole above. You don't quite see where that hole was at the moment, you backed away. Man, so much blind rage. So much blind rage. Look guys, that's what we're doing. So anyway, Pike does actually make an",Athletics
Athletics,"threat at this point. So systematically, the guy on the ground who's hidden by the tree, you can just-- I'm ignoring him. I'm not even gonna deal. I'm just hopping in the window. I'm going to grab my little guy there. I'm going to bring him out to the balcony, and I'm going to unceremoniously toss him out of the house. Defenestrated! You throw him (thud). He lands. And then I'm going to jump and I'm going to crawl down the rest of my way and join him outside the house. And try and jump around the fire, dragging him away from the fire.",Athletics
Investigation,"Tidal Wave to quell the flames. The building is standing, mostly. The whole front of it is blackened. The flames are gone. Most of the interior is destroyed. You have two giant holes in the back. Most of the upper ceiling is ruined. The house is in shambles. What about the books? A lot of them have been destroyed. Some of the ones on the back wall have been burned. Some of them have been burned by people in flames or made of flame or general black ichor that spilled out. The house is pretty wrecked. Can I go over to them and see if I can find some books I think Percy would like?",Investigation
Perception,"so English may have changed. To be fair. To be fair. I don't know. This is all new to me. I would have thought it would be in one of those tomes. I'm going to pick up the book that he was holding when he was praying. I'm going to just try and read it. Okay. You glance through it. The book is a simple book, talking about the construction of barricades and it looks like it was less the contents of the book and more just the image of the book itself. I'm going to hand him the book again and see if maybe there's focus to be found. Maybe this is--",Investigation
Religion,"and forth, finding whatever interesting spine I can. Are they all in Celestial? They are currently. All the ones you've picked up are in Celestial. Oh my god. Okay. This is great. All right. I'm eventually probably going to pass out from mild hyperventilation and have to sit down. We should maybe find Ioun, don't you think? If we must, yes. Just as an experiment, I'm going to think about Vesper and try and touch a book. I don't expect this to work, but I'm going to close my eyes and think about, and pick it up and flip through it.",Religion
Perception,"and flip through it. Make a religion check. Nope. You grab a tome and pull it forth, and as you read through the story, it's an unfamiliar one. There's a system. I will discover the system. I'm going to keep running around like a kid. What are the rest of you guys doing while Percival is running around like a kid? I'm not interested in the fucking books. Distracted by Percy, Keyleth just scans. Does anything in Primordial stick out?",Perception
Perception,"Sprigg is, actually-- There's a very faint blue glow in him that never really faded since your arrival. I wonder if we could follow the glow. Warmer? Hey, Sprigg. Stand over there! All right. I run to where she's pointing. Is there any change in the glow? No noticeable change. Damn. Sprigg, stand over there! I just was shot with a bunch of arrows, so give me a second. I run over there, stop halfway and go, ow, and then I continue. When I get there, any change in the glow?",Perception
Investigation,"No noticeable change. Damn. Sprigg, stand over there! I just was shot with a bunch of arrows, so give me a second. I run over there, stop halfway and go, ow, and then I continue. When I get there, any change in the glow? Make a perception check. Oh, it's a one. No discernible difference. You're inspired, if you want to use inspiration. It's a natural one. It's an auto-fail. Is there a card catalog? Is there a central area info desk?",Investigation
Perception,It's so hot in here. It's very hot in here. Pike and Grog catch up around the corner. What did you find? The way out? Exit? Seems like it could be this way. We'll have to band together and go forward. Really? Yes. Where did you get the sunglasses from? It's glowing in here. The Ioun stone actually is giving a faint glow similar to the glow that you see emanating from Sprigg's torso. Is it glowing any more than--,Perception
Perception,"Dawnfather, since he was one of the ones that helped fight the Chained Oblivion, to see if he could guide us at all. Okay. You close your eyes and focus and you begin to beseech the knowledge and wisdom of the Dawnfather. Two minutes pass with no answer. During that two minutes, I'm going to scan the room. Is there any design or purpose to the layout of the room? Anything that stands out besides books. As you glance around the room quickly, you see there are probably two dozen bookshelf aisle openings all around this central dome area. You begin to look around. You don't see any specific",Perception
Investigation,"a potion or scroll of language-speaking? Didn't we have that? Do any of the tomes have titles on them, though? Glancing about, and some of them do. They're all in Celestial. I'm going to read off some titles. Yeah. Primordial. None visibly currently in Primordial. Is that the language they used before the-- I feel like Celestial would be what the Dawnfather would speak, though. Celestial would be close. I would think more close than Primordial.",Investigation
Investigation,"Glancing about, and some of them do. They're all in Celestial. I'm going to read off some titles. Yeah. Primordial. None visibly currently in Primordial. Is that the language they used before the-- I feel like Celestial would be what the Dawnfather would speak, though. Celestial would be close. I would think more close than Primordial. So make an investigation check. Who else is looking through books? I don't speak Celestial, so it doesn't really matter.",Investigation
Investigation,"I'm going to read off some titles. Yeah. Primordial. None visibly currently in Primordial. Is that the language they used before the-- I feel like Celestial would be what the Dawnfather would speak, though. Celestial would be close. I would think more close than Primordial. So make an investigation check. Who else is looking through books? I don't speak Celestial, so it doesn't really matter. Well, make separate investigation checks. 12.",Investigation
Perception,"sliding and moving. The actual library seems to have some sort of slow rearranging movement to it. Pop out the wings. Go up. I start looking at the ceiling. Is there any type of-- what are those? The observatory. What are those called, Percy? The celestial, tell you the stars thing? Oh, like some sort of astrolabe or something like that? Yeah. Astrolabe? You know those big rotating things you can put in the year and the month in the calendar. Oh, right. Nothing you've seen so far. Make",Investigation
Perception,"have some sort of slow rearranging movement to it. Pop out the wings. Go up. I start looking at the ceiling. Is there any type of-- what are those? The observatory. What are those called, Percy? The celestial, tell you the stars thing? Oh, like some sort of astrolabe or something like that? Yeah. Astrolabe? You know those big rotating things you can put in the year and the month in the calendar. Oh, right. Nothing you've seen so far. Make a perception check.",Perception
Investigation,"Wait, so it's like a mirror image, the top and bottom? Yeah, but they're not exact mirror images. There's just a bottom and a top part of the library. What if that line is the demarcation between pre-Divergence and post-Divergence or something like that? That's cool. Go up and in. I can't. Here, get on the broom, Scanlan. We'll fly up. All right. So Scanlan, you jump on her broom. (whooshing) You fly up. Who's taking a",Religion
Religion,"What if that line is the demarcation between pre-Divergence and post-Divergence or something like that? That's cool. Go up and in. I can't. Here, get on the broom, Scanlan. We'll fly up. All right. So Scanlan, you jump on her broom. (whooshing) You fly up. Who's taking a look? Make an investigation check if you do. I'm going to take a look, but I'm going to pull out my Ioun stone and clutch it in my hand and close my eyes and pray on it for a second. Hope that guides me in some way.",Religion
Religion,"pre-Divergence and post-Divergence or something like that? That's cool. Go up and in. I can't. Here, get on the broom, Scanlan. We'll fly up. All right. So Scanlan, you jump on her broom. (whooshing) You fly up. Who's taking a look? Make an investigation check if you do. I'm going to take a look, but I'm going to pull out my Ioun stone and clutch it in my hand and close my eyes and pray on it for a second. Hope that guides me in some way. Roll a religion check.",Religion
Investigation,"Luck! I don't have Luck. I can inspire myself. I will inspire myself with a little song. (singing) Scanlancito, he's got tiny feet-oh, but he likes to cast spells, he does it with his beat-oh. When you go to sleep-oh, better check your sheet-ohs, because after he eats-ohs, he likes to take a shit-oh! (laughter) Oh my god. Are you fucking kidding me? What the hell, man? Get that book. Yeah, You earned that d12. That's a 12. So that brings it up to 21.",Religion
Religion,"I don't have Luck. I can inspire myself. I will inspire myself with a little song. (singing) Scanlancito, he's got tiny feet-oh, but he likes to cast spells, he does it with his beat-oh. When you go to sleep-oh, better check your sheet-ohs, because after he eats-ohs, he likes to take a shit-oh! (laughter) Oh my god. Are you fucking kidding me? What the hell, man? Get that book. Yeah, You earned that d12. That's a 12. So that brings it up to 21. Okay. This is your investigation check to",Religion
Performance,"You watch as the same librarians all of a sudden stop what they're doing and turn back towards you. The sword is vibrating and ringing  it's expanding the notes of your song, as is the nature of Mythcarver. You seem to have their attention. Now ask. Now sing and question. It's been about 20 minutes, by the way. Oh Jesus. I mean, Ioun. (singing) I sing to you in desperation. I'm looking for a Tome of Isolation. We need to find a tome, so we can go home and kill a guy named Vecna. It would really make us... Nothing rhymes with Vecna.",Performance
History,"you're singing this song and as you finish your final verse they all look a little confused, and they all begin to shift as one unit around the edge of one of the bookcases. Scanlan! (yells) Scanlan! (yells) What? We have an earring. Oh, right. Sorry. It's a library  keep quiet. Your stories. It's your storytelling. Keep telling the story about the Calamity. Maybe if you talk about Vecna some more and what happened. I don't know my history.",History
Performance,"Thanks. Tell them about your neck, ma. Oh yeah. Wait, what? If you're discussing your neck to your mother, you would-- what? Oh, right. People get paid for that. (whispers) Oh my god. Call back to earlier discussion. And nobody knows. (singing) God I hope I get it. (singing) The book is eight centuries old, or so I'm told. It's fraught with mystery. It's teeming with history. So please listen to me and don't kiss me because I really need this book right now.",Performance
Performance,"no idea how far away the rest of your friends are in this library, and this library seems to just go on and on and on. You continue forward for another ten minutes or so, so you've hit just over the 30-minute mark at this point, and you feel this little pulse from the stone. Do you continue to inspire? I will do one more. I hope it works. I'll recite a poem. This little gnomey went to the heavens. This little gnomey wants to go home. This little gnomey is looking for a book. This little gnomey is trusting Ioun. This little gnomey wants to go wee-wee-wee-wee all the way to this tome. (cheering)",Performance
Arcana,"Incantation of Isolation Locate Object? Interestingly enough, thank you for reminding me of that. As soon as he pulled the book out, the one that he's holding, the one with no text on it, it pinged. Oh shit, I just grabbed a bunch of books, but that's the one! Are you sure? It's got to be! Keep looking at it while we're flying, see if you can figure it out! Hold it upside down. Hold onto me, though, because we're going fast. I'm going to listen to it.",Arcana
Perception,"Hard to be mad at an arsonist when they're fluffy. It's hard. All righty, so. Diving back in. You guys were returning to Whitestone? Where were you going? Sprigg's. Oh, Sprigg's cabin, correct. As the surge of momentum comes to a halt and your feet once again touch the ground here within the somewhat-charred remains of Sprigg's cabin, you look about. The crickets have taken the surrounding forest. Night has fallen since your exit. What would you like to do? Are there any threatening creatures in the vicinity?",Perception
Investigation,"had entrapped. (slobbering noises) Oh, I don't suppose we need you any more, do we? I'm going to take out my sword and very slowly end that. (pained noises) You see it squeal out as you slowly saw your way into its body until it lies still once more, robbing it of its second death. Manners! The ball retracts. While he was doing that, I want to stealth away with my brother for a moment and say, I'm sorry. About everything. How far away did you just pull me? Far enough that nobody can hear us.",Investigation
Investigation,"watch your step. Come on. Past it all. Oh, okay. Yeah. I'm going to not move, though, because I don't want to step on another one of those fucking things. While Keyleth chuckles about that a little bit, I'm going to look around and find a little piece to remember Sprigg by from his house to take with me. I'm going to check through the books to see if there's anything. And then I'll help him check the books once I've grabbed something.",Investigation
Perception,"dead tomorrow. We could. I could die before you. She's probably going to outlast you, but while you're around, keep her company for me? If she ever talks to me again, I swear I will. Well, what you've got going for you is you look a lot like me. You can remind her of me once in a while. Good call. Hey. It's okay. Happy for you. Thank you. Watch out for bear traps. Thank you.",Insight
Perception,"No, the seed. The little bean. You want to see it? Yeah, I want to see it. All right. Is it squishy? Didn't you do this before with the other one? Did I? Didn't you try to squish it or something? That was the grain of sand. I don't know what any of you are talking about. Are you giving it to me? Yep. I've got it. Over here. (sniffs) What does it smell like? (deep inhale) What does it smell like?",Perception
Sleight of Hand,"Don't fucking rob me of my discovery. 11. Best you can make out, it smells like dusty tomes. It smells like old, forgotten papers and parchment. Smells like old money. It's been tucked in that old boob crevice. I want you to swallow the bean. Swallow the bean? Think about Sprigg, right? His tummy was glowing like fucking Teddy Ruxpin. I want to see you swallow that shit. Sure. All right, I will mime swallowing the bean while I Wrist Pocket it. (gasps) Oh my god! What, are you crazy? I was only kidding!",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"tomes. It smells like old, forgotten papers and parchment. Smells like old money. It's been tucked in that old boob crevice. I want you to swallow the bean. Swallow the bean? Think about Sprigg, right? His tummy was glowing like fucking Teddy Ruxpin. I want to see you swallow that shit. Sure. All right, I will mime swallowing the bean while I Wrist Pocket it. (gasps) Oh my god! What, are you crazy? I was only kidding! Make a sleight of hand check. Five.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"stone and whispers under his breath a small incantation and flicks his fingers, then it vanishes, and he goes-- it's so overt, yet you are entranced. He swallowed that thing! I hope you know what you're doing. Do we get time with you before you leave? I trust you 100 percent, Grog. Scanlan just did the trick I do with my kids all the time, which is watch! One, two, three. It's gone! (laughter) Where did that pencil go?! I pick Scanlan up by the scruff of his neck, and I hold my ear to his tummy.",Insight
Perception,"sparking in his left eye. It seems to pulse as his brow arches above it. ""I admire your resolve. You did it. You solved the riddle. You found my home, ""ruined my tower, slew one of my greatest acolytes, and even then, you failed. Still, impressive. That ""is most definitely worthy of a fine round of applause."" Thank you. The smug clapping comes to a halt. He nods. ""You're the only ones to get away. Others found me ""before you did, and another group of supposed heroes came and assaulted me shortly after you ""vanished. No matter. They all failed. And rose again.""",Insight
Insight,"""ruined my tower, slew one of my greatest acolytes, and even then, you failed. Still, impressive. That ""is most definitely worthy of a fine round of applause."" Thank you. The smug clapping comes to a halt. He nods. ""You're the only ones to get away. Others found me ""before you did, and another group of supposed heroes came and assaulted me shortly after you ""vanished. No matter. They all failed. And rose again."" Perception check. Insight, maybe? Insight. Is he fucking lying?",Insight
Perception,"We should probably try and use our words as much as possible. Blue and a foot smaller, like Blue Man Group. Black clothes, blue face, bald. So you have a little more of an aasimar appearance, though a larger one than you've seen. (laughter) All right, where are you guys charging off to? Yeah, Raven Queen temple. Okay, you're heading to the Raven's Crest. All right. You make your way to the-- I'm going to keep looking around, make sure no one's tailing us.",Investigation
Persuasion,"that this is not some ploy to diminish my power ""and leave me vulnerable to cast me from my seat?"" I thought you knew me inside and out. ""I know you, but do you know them? Do you think I've been welcome since I entered this ""pantheon? My existence is perpetually a threat to the creators. If anything, part of this burden ""that we all face lies on my shoulders, as well. Why would they not think to strike at two birds ""with one stone?"" At which point, you watch the feathers of her dress furl out a bit, like a bird that's hit a chill. Well, it depends on you, then, and how much you want this wretch taken down.",Persuasion
Religion,"talking? ""You cannot rush faith."" I'm not trying to rush faith. I'm just saying that Vecna has ascended to godhood. We have a limited amount of time to take him down. We need to speak with Kord. ""I cannot help you."" You can't speak to him directly? ""I can meditate and reach out, perhaps."" Maybe draw his attention to us? The need is dire. ""It doesn't work the way you ask. Kord isn't a giving god."" He's not?",Religion
Perception,"to one of the monks up top, who darts off. (running noises) A few awkward quiet minutes pass. (running noises) Jumps down into the sand pit, runs up, and hands you a small satchel. I look inside. It is filled with beans. (laughter) You have everything you've ever wanted, Grog. Congratulations. Everybody else got one. I've got a satchel. Just fucking name the group after me. We are out. Thank you! Can I see what he was drawing in the sand while we were over there?",Perception
Investigation,"(gasps) We used to eat these in the Fire Ashari all the time. These are a rare delicacy! Good find, Grog. (gasps) I could grow some more. Oh my god. We can have coal bean soup all the time at home, you guys. These are coal beans. They're great. These are not the same thing? There could be an actual seed of power within there. Is there a table nearby? Yeah, you're not too far from the-- I dump all the beans out on the table. Are there any beans that look different from the rest?",Investigation
Religion,"We are going to save the world. Well, listen, I found out where Kord is. He's in a place called-- Ysgard. Sure. Are you familiar? No. Oh. Why'd you say sure? I was just seeming intelligent. I do that all the time. Anybody have any idea where that is? No. We can ask. Okay. Who can we ask? Asking the dungeon master.",Religion
Religion,"He's in a place called-- Ysgard. Sure. Are you familiar? No. Oh. Why'd you say sure? I was just seeming intelligent. I do that all the time. Anybody have any idea where that is? No. We can ask. Okay. Who can we ask? Asking the dungeon master. (chuckles) Make a religion check, only if you're trained in it.",Religion
Acrobatics,"What if we all die at the live show? If one of us dies tonight, do we not go to GenCon? Yeah, pretty much. Well, we'll put you in the front row. (groaning) If you die, we will lower you from above like an angel on a fly reel. On the Peter Pan wire setup? With some asshole swinging you from side to side. Just sending you across the audience. (yelling) I want to get down, I can't feel my legs!",Acrobatics
Perception,"walking again and still glancing over their shoulder, they go about their business, keeping a very close eye. Maybe I should have found a tree less in the center of things. I'd rather be here. It's not the center of town, thankfully. Still off to the side, but you did catch the eye of a few folk. I mean, you still transported us a long way. That's commendable. How would one go about finding out if you're being watched via magical means? Is there a way to do that other than if one is not a magic",Perception
Perception,"the rocky beach, and you can see there are about five or six varying degrees of rickety winding wooden staircases that are built into the cliffside that lead from the top edge of the cliff down to the beach below. You can see a lot of workers are currently hauling large sacks, small crates and boxes, things that are too small to bring on the large winding cranes that they have on the edge as well. There are ships coming, there are ships going. It looks like this is a decent trade stop for cities along the shoreside here in Issylra. What do our elven eyes see? Can we see the smoke?",Perception
Perception,"down to the beach below. You can see a lot of workers are currently hauling large sacks, small crates and boxes, things that are too small to bring on the large winding cranes that they have on the edge as well. There are ships coming, there are ships going. It looks like this is a decent trade stop for cities along the shoreside here in Issylra. What do our elven eyes see? Can we see the smoke? Make a perception check. That was a Legolas reference, in case you were wondering. I'm not familiar with that reference.",Perception
Nature,"A perception check? Yes. 20. 20. Glancing out at this distance, the sky itself is very cloudy, very gray. It's a very gray day. It's cold, it's chilly, the wind that's blowing is very faint, but it's enough to the point where snow is falling. There is a very faint mist in the distance. Either a storm is coming or a storm has passed that's preventing you from seeing any sign of a glimmer of the smoke. So you're not entirely certain the direction. Can I tell if the storm is coming or the storm has passed?",Nature
Perception,"size isn't as large as you height-wise, but width is about matching yours, so this is a bowling ball of a goliath. Steps up on the top. (grunts) Only taller. A large Danny DeVito. Actually, yeah, that's a good point. But if Danny DeVito also was doing Iron Man competitions for a number of years and then let himself go, so he has the bulk of the muscle underneath but then-- Yeah. Doesn't say a word, just looks at you all and then walks out onto the deck of the ship. Great. Can I look down into the hatch where he came from? Can I see anything?",Perception
Perception,"I can light up my flame hands. You're underwater. But it's magic. I thought it doesn't matter? I will say, you get a little bit there, and it's fighting against it. It's a very faint glow. You can see where Keyleth is, but it doesn't add any light to the rest of this. (garbled noises) We really need to say stuff, though, because no one's going to be able to understand us. (laughter) Do you see anything around us?",Perception
Athletics,"the last time I talked about the Deathwalker's Ward, I'd set it to fire, so we'll say fire. Immune to or resistant to? Resistant to. Is my mantle helping with the heat? Yeah, the heat isn't bothering you as much. It helps with extreme heat as a general weather type, but intensely dangerous heat like fire or anything, it's not going to help you with that. So you dive into the center? Yeah, I forgot. He's like a crash test dummy. We'll worry about that later. You watch as Vax disappears into the liquid. The pressure is a lot. I need you to make an",Athletics
Athletics,"up and what is down, because once you dive into the middle of this pillar you see nothing. And you begin to swim down, feeling for where the gravity is pulling you and the force against you, and use that to get your bearings. I know it's probably fuck-all, but I'm going to pull out the Flametongue Dagger and try to use it as a shitty-ass-- You can faintly see a little bit of it there. You do take three points of fire damage as soon as you enter the water, reduced to one. So you manage to push through and descend about 15 or so, 20 feet. You suffer another six points of fire damage, reduced to three. Need you to make",Athletics
Athletics,"another athletics check, please, as you're pushing further and further down. Use my first Luck of the day. Oh, not good. Same thing. Just a six. A six? It begins to push you up, you lose a little bit of ground. You take another one point of fire damage. You begin to make up, and you get partway down. You get another 40 or so feet down into it, you think. Still unable to really see anything. Occasionally, you see a glint of that light that you saw before. The little bit of glow. You take another three points of fire damage, reduced to one. It is a lot of heat, but you continue to push further. Make another",Athletics
Athletics,"16. Okay. You're slowing down a bit, but you're still getting ground. You also take another three points of fire damage. This is getting hard. Yeah? And even your form, you're getting a little tired, having to go against this force. And you're not quite sure where this is going to lead you. You're not going to stumble across an opening where it's fine to walk. You're continuing to swim down a superheated-- I'm going to push it just a little bit more.",Athletics
Investigation,"it, let's look. We can walk the perimeter Let's do a little walk of the perimeter, and when we're ready, we're going to jump down and we'll Mary Poppins it. Okay, so you guys begin to make your way around, spiraling the outside of this. Looking, using the light. Okay, what are you looking for? I'm looking for other expelling gasses, interesting plant growth, lights. Anything that looks not-natural. Yeah, caves. Okay, everyone who's looking, make an",Investigation
Stealth,"Vax, then Vex. Me in the middle. Grog. Is Trinket still swimming along with you? Trinket is behind Grog. All right. And then that's Scanlan and Keyleth at the very end. All right. You guys dive past under the water. It curves, and you can see there's a faint light source in the distance. This curves below. It splinters downward and then curves up slightly, and that's where the light source is coming from. Yeah, of course. Air pocket. I'm going to go stealth.",Stealth
Athletics,"Oh fuck. Were there any other pockets of water along the way? Shit. Get back in the water. And I'm going to solo go where I wasn't intending to, to see how far it is to get to the next bit of water. You said it was a jump over magma? Yep. Does your creepy undead brain remember how long it takes before we die if we don't breathe? Do you remember that? I walk away from her, and I go down the hall. All right. It's a decent jump to get over the lava. It's not a hard one, necessarily, but I",Athletics
Athletics,"It's how I solve so many problems in my life. It's the solution to half our problems. We're going to try to water-bong every combat scenario for the rest of the campaign. I was looking at it, and I was like, fresh water, vinegar, oh! All righty. So. Don't do drugs, everyone. As you guys make your way around the way, through the combination of that druid spell and, strangely, Grog's ingenuity, you guys have bypassed a fairly serious situation. You make it down around the curvature of the tunnel, to where that small lava jump is. Anybody who wants to make",Athletics
Athletics,"two feet of height as it collapses, and it's still blocking a large portion of that hallway right now. That's your first hit. You still have half of your movement, still, because you used half of it to get up from prone. Should I try and push him out of the way? Just vault over it. Yep, I'm going to (leaping noise) over the side, hardcore parkour. One-handed. Duke boys, sliding over the hood of the car? Using your boots, or just making an athletics check as part of your movement? Yeah, let's use the Boots of Feral Leaping.",Athletics
Investigation,"That's a complicated tray. (laughter) As he herniates a disc. Yeah. I pulled my leg earlier this week, so moving up and down sucks. So as you sit there in the silence there for a moment, just hearing the occasional (plopping) with the nearby lava that fills the nearby hallway, you don't feel any further rumbling. There's just the heat emanating from the corpses of these three magma bullettes. What do you do? Can I look around for anything that resembles an anvil or a shelf or something that one might wackadoodle on?",Perception
Perception,"Yeah. I pulled my leg earlier this week, so moving up and down sucks. So as you sit there in the silence there for a moment, just hearing the occasional (plopping) with the nearby lava that fills the nearby hallway, you don't feel any further rumbling. There's just the heat emanating from the corpses of these three magma bullettes. What do you do? Can I look around for anything that resembles an anvil or a shelf or something that one might wackadoodle on? Make an investigation check. Nice. Watch me knock this out of the park.",Perception
Religion,"This is the most irritated I've ever seen Matt. This is because of the planetar, not Ioun? Planetar. This is how you must stay always. I agree. Glancing at the glyphs here, there are roots of magical, arcane glyphs here, but whatever enchantment there was here is very faint. It's more about the message or image that is set here. It is an exit seal. It is a final word of those that utilized the space within. It translates to, ""Here the Crafter's Halls lay dark, the means of making the World Ender gone. Allhammer protect us all."" Allhammer. Wow. I don't know.",Religion
Investigation,"and for the use of the Allhammer, and the Allhammer is locked somewhere on his own plane across the other side of the Divine Gate and has been for 800 years. We've got a god-made doorway in front of us. Something-made door, right. Natural rock around it or is everything carved? Natural volcanic rock. It's that same crumbly, porous black stone. I'm going to touch the doors. It feels like the rest of the surrounding stone. There's no obvious mechanism for opening it?",Investigation
Investigation,"glowing? No, the runes aren't glowing. You get the sense, Scanlan, that it was less that they were glowing, more that your truesight revealed the presence-- To me, everything is glowing a little bit. You are a little Neo in the Matrix in this new physical form. Tommy Wiseau is what I'm getting from this. I'm going to take the Sun Stone out of its little container, and really light up the room, and just illuminate the whole room now. Is there a door knob or anything that looks like a seal?",Investigation
Perception,"I cannot wait to get to Halloween Horror Nights with you again. Travis Willingham's fatal flaw. I'm quick as hell. (laughs) You are quick. That's why we leave you ten feet ahead of us. You are the best jump scare. One of these days you're going to break someone's nose. I know. Ah! I'm so sorry! (laughter) It's going to be glorious. Anyway, as you descend the staircase, you ahead, make a",Investigation
Perception,"there is no light source below at this point... the stairs are continuing and continuing and continuing, and you have no idea how long it'll go for, but you begin to sense as you're walking, and you hear this faint rhythmic, bassy rumble of a low, nearly inaudible, drum-like beat, deeper than any sound you've heard, quaking the ground ever so faintly. (slow, rumbling pulses) And you can very faintly feel it. You get down and move your fingers to the ground, and for the moments before the heat gets there, the next time you hear it, you can feel a very faint vibration, only because you are very perceptive at the moment. Is it exactly rhythmic? Precisely?",Perception
Investigation,"side, some of them are attacking, some of them are defending, and about every 25 or 30 feet or so, there will be one on one side or the other. Are they standing free, or are they carved from the wall? No, they're from the wall. They're drawings? They're reliefs. They're metallic reliefs in the wall. Not some metal Medusa that turned them into metal? Made of the same metal, it looks like, as the walls around them. I'm going to quickly inspect one.",Investigation
Investigation,"also part of the relief embedded in the wall. Okay. And one open hand. One open hand. It's embedded in the wall, and the other one is open to the side. But the relief is all embedded in the wall, and you can see the triangular opening. The only thing that darts inward is that vacuous shape in the face. This is where Vox Machina dies because they can't figure out-- We can't figure out how the triangle works. Is there anything on the floor? Any patterns on the floor?",Investigation
Stealth,"no sneak attack, just kidding. Did you Hunter's Mark him? There's the Hunter's Mark. Five Hunter's Mark. That's the first attack, and the second attack at disadvantage is 19? 19 just misses. Hits the armor, (crash) shatters across it. Fuck. Is that your turn? Yeah. All right. Vax. All right, I want to slam down right-- Sorry, can I use my bonus to hide behind one of those pillars?",Stealth
Investigation,"and destroyed on the ground. Whether it be drowned, torn apart internally, or bludgeoned in the center of their chest cavity, they are no longer moving. You still, now in the quiet, hear the rhythmic (steady banging) that's been perpetually feeding into the distant background of this entire structure deep beneath the volcano. What do you want to do? Can I look at the golem, the construct that's down by me? Is his face, the triangle face, is it detachable? Can I remove it from the rest of his person? We can always put it underneath the smelter and pour in.",Investigation
Investigation,"What do you want to do? Can I look at the golem, the construct that's down by me? Is his face, the triangle face, is it detachable? Can I remove it from the rest of his person? We can always put it underneath the smelter and pour in. Make an investigation check. Hold onto your butts. That's a one. There's no button for it. There's the old fashioned way. I'm going to land down next to the other one and start looking in the same fashion. Across the room.",Investigation
Investigation,"they were slowly catching, anyway  there's something about them, the heat that the general room perpetually emanates maintains the fires within. But your flame with the burning hands very quickly elevates and quickens that process, and you watch as the coals now glow to a bright orange-red hue, and you can feel the heat emanating from them. Can we turn the circle? Does it move? So you go up to the edge and you grab the edge of the golden crest and tug! And it's not moving. Gosh darn it! What are we supposed to do? Are there any inlays?",Investigation
Investigation,"12. It's smooth gold, there's no signs or runes or anything on the side. I want to see if there's anything in the holes that were left by the soldiers who left. What was that? The three suits of armor came out of the wall, so there's now a wall that we haven't seen behind them. Maybe it's supposed to be gold. Platinum is for the trammels. Okay. So you go ahead and look inside which one? I'm going to do all three, but I'll start on the one on the left.",Investigation
Investigation,"runes or anything on the side. I want to see if there's anything in the holes that were left by the soldiers who left. What was that? The three suits of armor came out of the wall, so there's now a wall that we haven't seen behind them. Maybe it's supposed to be gold. Platinum is for the trammels. Okay. So you go ahead and look inside which one? I'm going to do all three, but I'll start on the one on the left. Okay, roll an investigation check.",Investigation
Stealth,"into place. You hear a heavy slamming sound and what sounds like the scraping of heavy chain mail. (metallic scraping) I grab the platinum pyramid and I put it in the Bag of Holding. No! I already said that I had them. No. No, he doesn't do that. The wall immediately shudders and you see a layer of dust and soot, (falling sand) off of it. as it falls to rest onto the ground and you see the wall slowly rise up. (grinding gears) Wait. I want to prep something. Hide! Okay, so who's hiding? I am.",Stealth
Perception,"is much louder now. You can sense that it is actually the source of that rhythmic beat, that metal-on-metal clang you have been feeling since you first came into this series of chambers. You can see small streams of glowing orange molten rock within the chamber, which is slightly down and before you. Looks like two small ten-foot-wide rivers of molten rock, metal-- you can't quite tell from here, but it's glowing orange and red, and they both convene and go dark in the center where it looks like they are being covered or obscured by something that you can't quite make out at this distance. A giant anvil?",Perception
Perception,"Well, you know, it's like a whole thing. Can I get another quick re-rundown of the room? So he was up at the top of the stairs, facing out, not moving and was that wall behind him, or does it go further past him at all? I'd say about 15 feet behind him you can see the occasional reflection of the flashes of light, where it looks to be there is a wall behind him. There is an end to the chamber, but you're too far away and it's too obscured by smoke for you to know exactly what's behind him. And when I got in there, I didn't get close enough to see if there was any good hiding spots beyond him?",Perception
Arcana,"Heal 13 points. All righty. So as you continue to step up the stairs. Grog, as you approach, you get about a third of the way up there and you hear what sounds like heavy metal scraping against stone and one giant burst of sound. You watch as the giant figure shifts and turns back out of the smoke, holding across its front in one hand a large cleaver-like blade with runes glowing across the side of it. About 15 feet or so from end to end, and as it spins, it looks down towards you all and holds it in front, the flat end facing out towards you in a ceremonial way. What kind of runes?",Perception
Perception,"of damage. What if you go and try to pick up that hammer first? Do you need it? I'm picturing the anvil right in front of me and he's off to the side, right? The anvil is right in front of you. He's on the other side of the anvil. You only see the upper part of the torso because he's standing off the platform below it. So you see him from the waist up  he's about 20 feet tall from top to bottom, you only see ten feet of his torso there. The blade's out in front. And the hammer is somewhere between me and him?",Athletics
Perception,"There's four chains on each side that are dangling off the side, and you are not sure which one it is. Oh, it went hanging off. It went held off the side, so now there are four chains that are taut on each side of the anvil that are vanishing. Is he another golem? It looks to be a golem-like construct, yeah. You have seen golems and you have encountered golems before, and the constructs of them can vary. This one, elements of it have the same proportions of a golem, but there are elements that seem more human-like as opposed to an armored battering ram. The refined details of it-- no,",Perception
Arcana,"Is his sword as big as our table is across? Oh, what if we show him one of our little beans? Well, I pulled mine out. Maybe you have to show him how good a blacksmith you are to earn the privilege. Yeah, but I've got to get to the anvil to do that. Yeah, the blade in his hand, just the blade from hilt to end is about 15 feet long. Scanlan, can you read the arcane runes on his sword? Do you know what this enchantment is? I can certainly try.",Arcana
Perception,"on? The chains are immediately to the left and right of the anvil, so to go towards the chain you'd be stepping closer to the anvil, and as you turn to the side its head tracks you as you go. Is it tilting it down? You haven't moved forward, so no. Okay. Can I keep moving in that direction? Okay, you begin to step forward towards the chain. The blade comes down to a flat end towards you. I'll stop. I'm going to try and sneak around the side of it. What's behind it?",Stealth
Athletics,"quick little heal bonus going, because why not. Let's do a heal. So that's 14 points up, so I'm 156. A little bit better, and that's my heal. I'm noticing that this thing's only taking magic damage. The hammer it dropped is underneath the planetar right now, right? It is currently dangling off the side, along tongs and other smaller blacksmithing accoutrements. I'm going to run in that direction. Okay. Five, ten, 15, 20. Another step, and you're starting to hit the molten metal and rock. Molten metal and rock? I can't jump that, can I?",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Let's do a heal. So that's 14 points up, so I'm 156. A little bit better, and that's my heal. I'm noticing that this thing's only taking magic damage. The hammer it dropped is underneath the planetar right now, right? It is currently dangling off the side, along tongs and other smaller blacksmithing accoutrements. I'm going to run in that direction. Okay. Five, ten, 15, 20. Another step, and you're starting to hit the molten metal and rock. Molten metal and rock? I can't jump that, can I? You can try, yeah. Make an athletics check.",Acrobatics
Arcana,"you let go of the chain, you'll land. If you hold onto it you'll dangle and swing in the center. This is the hammer chain? Yeah. So am I touching the hammer right now? But it's not a magic hammer, it's just a really nice hammer. You just grabbed it. You can take a moment to look at it next round, if you want to. Yeah, I'm going to take a moment to look at it. I've got an action, still. Do you want to do that, then? Yeah, I'll use my action to admire the hammer.",Arcana
Perception,"to do something, like an attack, you can only do that because it's a reaction, a very quick thing. Basically, as soon as you get your vision you're like, (panting). I will rage, and that's it. I'll let you rage on that, sure. Can he attack the elemental that's now rogue across from him? He's not within range, unfortunately. It's across the way. Can I turn around and look, now that I'm right up next to the Core Anvil, is there anything that I'm noticing about it that would move or knock off? A switch or a button?",Athletics
Athletics,"Well, let's give it a shot. Bigby's Hand moves over here. Oh, he's dead! He's dead, Matt. Game over. If we go by that tactic, Bigby's Hand's dead. You've all died. I'll put him there. Percival has been dead for a long time. We'll put that there. That's good. There you go. All right. I want to try to move Bigby's Hand to hold on to his arm. Can I try it? If you want to. Grasping Hand? I guess. This is supposed to be against a creature, not against an item. Right, I'm letting you do this, though. It's fine. It makes sense. It's big enough. Make an",Athletics
Perception,"Yeah, please, shoot me in the neck. I thought you said, ""can I shoot at his genitals?"" Is Grog close enough for flanking for her? 21 won't hit him, right? Okay, so I'm going to try it again. Goddamn it. No, it's at disadvantage. Neither of them hit. Both arrows go wide, disappearing into the smoke of the room. You still hear the machine, (booming), behind you. Okay. Let's see if this is-- nope, it's an action because I'm a genius. I'm going to back up. I don't know if that'll do anything. I'm going to disengage and I'm going to back up on my broom.",Perception
Perception,"long javelin-like rod. Then you have to use the vise, after heating the metal, to twist the trammels. The actual design has them twisted because it helps conduct the divine energy to the point. And then using the chiseling tools, you have to work in the runes that match and channel the incantation that Scanlan's book has. It's a multi-process step that's going to require both of you to work together on this, since some elements of it are blacksmithing elements, some of it are tinkering. So we have to get into the other room first before we do any of that. Can I fly over and see if I can find any kind of apparatus that would--",Investigation
Persuasion,"other one. Yeah. So planetar form. Go ahead and make a strength check, please. I am looking right now. My strength is 24, so plus seven. (scoffs) Again. Why again with the threes? Put that one away. Ten. Oh, I rolled a 13. You two tug on those chains, and they are not moving. Can the guardian do it? Hey, you that was attacking us. Can you get those chains?",Persuasion
Investigation,"What do you-- Well, let's see. What do I have to do? The only hammer here is that maul, but all the chiseling and tinkering work takes a much smaller, more delicate hammer. I do have the Dwarven Thrower. It's going to have to be a smaller edge than that. Like what? Whisper? Edge? Yeah? It has to be a hammer. Like a rock hammer. Can we look around for a little teeny hammer?",Investigation
Investigation,"the chiseling and tinkering work takes a much smaller, more delicate hammer. I do have the Dwarven Thrower. It's going to have to be a smaller edge than that. Like what? Whisper? Edge? Yeah? It has to be a hammer. Like a rock hammer. Can we look around for a little teeny hammer? Make an investigation check. Teeny hammer? 12 for me, so probably not so much.",Investigation
Arcana,"Glad I got that roll out of the way. 15? Looking around, all the other tools are for different things, but there's no other hammer. There's the one singular giant hammer on the chain. Have you picked it up? Maybe it changes shape. I'm going to try picking the hammer up. Okay. You pick up the hammer. I'm going to try and attune to it. So you take a bit of time to attune with it, if you feel that's something you could try. I'm going to examine it.",Investigation
Arcana,"15? Looking around, all the other tools are for different things, but there's no other hammer. There's the one singular giant hammer on the chain. Have you picked it up? Maybe it changes shape. I'm going to try picking the hammer up. Okay. You pick up the hammer. I'm going to try and attune to it. So you take a bit of time to attune with it, if you feel that's something you could try. I'm going to examine it. Okay. Make an arcana check.",Investigation
Sleight of Hand,"far as Czech Republic came to give you their love. Your heart is beating like a goddamn drum. It's singing, ""I'm going back to Indiana, Indiana, here ""I come!"" The tension is building, the roof's going to blow. This ain't a rehearsal, it's the motherfucking live show! Mic's rolling, camera's on, dice rolling, Scanlan's song. No more cajoling, this shit is on. This crowd is bigger than my cube-like dong! (cheering) You been down but what's it going to take to give you some sack, man? How about 2,400 Critters chanting, ""Vax'ildan! Vax'ildan! Vax'ildan!"" (chanting)",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"on, dice rolling, Scanlan's song. No more cajoling, this shit is on. This crowd is bigger than my cube-like dong! (cheering) You been down but what's it going to take to give you some sack, man? How about 2,400 Critters chanting, ""Vax'ildan! Vax'ildan! Vax'ildan!"" (chanting) Go ahead and make a sleight of hand check. 29. That was inspiration to me? He's inspiring you because he thinks you're going to fucking fail. 39. Scanlan, why don't you go ahead and make a",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"I walk up and I palm Scanlan's forehead and slam him to the ground. What the fuck are you doing? I'm sorry! It's just, well, you've seen it. (laughter) Continue. The way he looks at you and everything stops. The way all sound fades away when he's talking. No, that's his Silence spell that he got recently. The way he cocks his gun. (groans) Holds it so firmly. It trembles just a little but then bang. (moans) Just a gentle touch is all it takes.",Insight
Sleight of Hand,"(cheering) And shortly, it will be my time to die. After this unique and unexpected display of overt affection, you find yourself sitting around a table amongst the mansion to discuss over your wine and confusion what plan of action to take next in your journey to take down the Whispered One, the Undying King. I'm going to sit directly between Percy and Scanlan for all of this conversation. So we rest and then we go hunting? Or do we try and rally allies? I cast Mage Hand to tickle Percy's knee. I have a 23 passive perception, Scanlan.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"are we going to do with it? Are we going to get allies? Are we going to talk to Allura again? Gilmore? Ooh, wait. First things first, do we know where he is? Don't you have the ability to like-- Oh yeah. Is he still in the same place? I don't know in here  I need to shove my head out the door for a sec. Well, shove your head out the door. All right. As you emerge into the heated air of the sub-ocean volcano, you take a moment and concentrate and you can sense the direction and distance seems to be approximately the same. He hasn't moved at all?",Perception
Stealth,"to other things, but magic compels me to put on my best silk g-string, and it compels me to use the series of tunnels that interconnect all of the rooms. Oh shit! No! That only I know about. And it compels me to sneak into Percival's room in the dead of night and crawl into bed with him. I'm in the bed, you motherfucker! Are you in there?! We're married! I thought it was like the 50s, where you had two twin beds. Have you seen their gold pile? Then I guess I better be extra stealthy.",Investigation
Insight,"suddenly bound and held in place, unable to shift, as these cold metal bars wrap around you like an exoskeleton. Scanlan Shorthalt, tell me now why I shouldn't feed you to Trinket. I undo the lock so he can talk. I'm sorry! I don't know what's happening to me. I know that this is your marital bed. Can I at least watch? I promise I won't look at you, Vex. I won't look at you at all! I'll just be looking at Percy. Would we know that something is wrong? I rolled a one. I don't know anything's wrong.",Insight
Perception,"from? Just curious. I don't want to talk about it. So, Vasselheim? Yep. All right, so finishing your meals. What do you guys want to do? You're going to Vasselheim. How are you doing that? Okay. Do we have a plan before we get there? Before I teleport us into the middle of a city that might possibly be in the middle of a war zone? Why don't I go see how much progress he's made? And I stick my skull out the door again and see how far he's gotten.",Investigation
Perception,"corner, his tangled silver and blond hair bouncing with fervor, as he shouts out, ""The reckoning of our opulence has come! The gods are ""away and the price of our hubris comes to consume us."" But no one's paying him mind. His tattered bones jangling his knees across each other, as he makes his way through the streets, his face a glance of utter despair. You notice an argument between two Bastions and a middle-aged bearded man who is painting a familiar symbol on his front door, not too far from where you stand. A five-year-old girl cries and clings to his leg. What do you do? What is the symbol?",Perception
Perception,"bouncing with fervor, as he shouts out, ""The reckoning of our opulence has come! The gods are ""away and the price of our hubris comes to consume us."" But no one's paying him mind. His tattered bones jangling his knees across each other, as he makes his way through the streets, his face a glance of utter despair. You notice an argument between two Bastions and a middle-aged bearded man who is painting a familiar symbol on his front door, not too far from where you stand. A five-year-old girl cries and clings to his leg. What do you do? What is the symbol? Make a perception check.",Perception
Persuasion,"approach and there is seemingly a sense of knowing who you are, at least from the legends that are told amongst the streets of Vasselheim. The father turns to you and seeing your lordly approach, and strong voice, immediately. ""The nightmares I've ""had, and I'm not the first. This symbol. It scares me, but if something comes like they say it is, I ""must it let it know we have no quarrel. To leave my family be."" This symbol will not protect you. ""How do you know this?"" Because I know his followers. They won't have mercy. They'll gouge out eyes, remove your hand, and make you one of them.",Persuasion
Nature,"already left us. The sun is gone!"" Okay. Yeah, no. Accurate. ""Beware the Undying King!"" And he goes to run off, away. Is he already gone? He's running away. Man, I don't know how to deal with that type of abrasive personality. Maybe it's best to not let people give him power, because the more people believe in him, the stronger of a god he becomes. But that guy resisted. He knew when others didn't. And he was crazy. Could you maybe make the sun reappear?",Nature
History,"assault while the rest of our ground forces ""assemble northward."" At which point, the wounded rider speaks up, loudly. ""I am not done! My apologies. Only Marley ""and myself survived with one of our wyverns. As we fled over the nearest mountaintop as fast as we ""could, Marley saw--"" And the other one takes her helmet off, and you can see caked with blood, one eye swollen shut and a giant wound across the face. ""I saw the city move, part of it. It moved, I swear it. I heard a ""rumble over the winds, looked past and back over our shoulders, and I saw the city begin to rise."" Silence takes the room. I would like any of you",History
Persuasion,"""I'm afraid for my people there, but I feel I can probably send myself with you like I have in ""the past."" It's all or nothing, Pickle. ""I feel bad abandoning everyone that I've brought to the temple."" You aren't abandoning them. You're shielding them. You could always do like the astral projection thing, right? ""That's what I was thinking of doing."" Well, okay, but if you're astral projecting, aren't you chilling in one room here, not really communicating, anyway?",Persuasion
Nature,"the mountain range seems to have suffered an immense amount of damage. A gargantuan fresh rockslide nearly a mile wide, now resting at the base of the northern mountain, you can see swallowing and burying some of the forest land. And as you glance southward into the Tordusk Pass, you can see mammoth holes in the ground, large craters of broken dirt and rock forced into dunes of mud and shale surrounding their outsides. The scars, pockmarks 200 feet across, carved into the terrain. I'd like everyone to make an intelligence check, please. We're making a what, an intelligence check?",Nature
Nature,"check, please. We're making a what, an intelligence check? Can I do a nature check? Sure. Yeah? (cheering) Vex'ahlia? Is this an intelligence? Yes. This is your intelligence modifier. 21. 21, good. Vax? Oh, man. Eight. Keyleth?",Nature
Nature,"Yeah? (cheering) Vex'ahlia? Is this an intelligence? Yes. This is your intelligence modifier. 21. 21, good. Vax? Oh, man. Eight. Keyleth? I am doing a nature check. Right, to find out? If it looks like a path has been bore through in a straight line, like it looks like it's going through. 24.",Nature
Perception,"You do notice, upon immediate view, that these large holes are patterned, staggered about every 350-400 feet. And they do almost present the gait of a walking creature. (anguished sounds) Hey! You got that big fucking turtle you wanted! It is a giant turtle! The final miniature is just Matt. ""It has been foreseen!"" I've been working on my costume. Do we see anything in the air, any of those shadow creatures? Or is it just our wyvern riders?",Perception
Nature,"And his name is Larkin. (laughter) Shit! I thought it was just a really big giant, and then I remembered it was a titan. Yes, each one of these craters is roughly 150 or so feet across. Oh, his feet are a hundred feet across?! 150 to 200 feet across, yeah. Keyleth, how big would a creature be if it had footprints approximately 150 to 200 feet across? At least a hundred feet big! Probably bigger? Maybe even bigger!",Athletics
Perception,"Yeah! (stammering) Do I notice anything? Not in particular. You clap, and it sounds booming, as it would. The closer you get, you sense this very faint vibration to them, as if proximity keys you in, and even your simple mind, Grog, can gather that these were crafted and made from whatever it is you see storming through that ravine. Okay. Do I feel Vecna riding on this guy's shoulder? You sense the direction and distance of Vecna directly where this entity lies. I would",Perception
Perception,"Not in particular. You clap, and it sounds booming, as it would. The closer you get, you sense this very faint vibration to them, as if proximity keys you in, and even your simple mind, Grog, can gather that these were crafted and made from whatever it is you see storming through that ravine. Okay. Do I feel Vecna riding on this guy's shoulder? You sense the direction and distance of Vecna directly where this entity lies. I would like you to make a perception check, please. Do a what?",Perception
Nature,"a mile and a half away from it and gaining, only because you're pushing at full speed. You're seeing now them breaking off into the clusters and you hear the distant (screeching). I know we bamfed out here, but do we have any idea how much time we have? How far away from Vasselheim we are? How far have we gone? Fom what you can tell, make a-- Don't make me make it. No, I'm ready. Let's go! I'm going to guess, too, because he's asking out loud. It's a good question.",Nature
Perception,"As you go into this dive, you can hear the clashing of wyvern against gloomstalker. You hear the yelps and the shrieks of two different bestial cries. You hear shouts of humanoid and elven voices shouting as spears are tossed, arrows are let loose, and this aerial fray begins. With that, you glance forward as the dragon comes out of a dive, J'mon leading you towards this gargantuan entity. You can hear the further volume, the (massive footsteps). Even slower than that, probably, based on the gait it has to walk and the speed it's going. It is like watching a mountain with legs move. As you approach, what do you do? Do we see a clearing? A landing spot?",Perception
Perception,"87 points of bludgeoning damage, yes. Okay. I immediately drop form and start falling. Okay, any carryover damage, make sure to mark that. Does Uncanny Dodge affect this at all? Unfortunately, because you were relying on her eagle maneuverability, no. Okay. Well then, I shoot the wings out immediately. Okay. The wings emerge as both of you begin to plummet at this point. I'm okay. Keyleth? As you're plummeting, Vax, I need",Acrobatics
Perception,"her eagle maneuverability, no. Okay. Well then, I shoot the wings out immediately. Okay. The wings emerge as both of you begin to plummet at this point. I'm okay. Keyleth? As you're plummeting, Vax, I need you to roll a perception check. J'mon, they're fine. They told us they're fine! They'll be here any second! Don't worry. We did see this happen, right? You guys are right now hovering by this and looking back. You watch this occur. You see Vax get smacked, fall, and then his wings shoot out.",Perception
Perception,"Yeah. Nearby. Is it always this cold? Well, not in here. But outside? Yeah, it's pretty cold. I'm sorry, what was your name? Kingston LaForge. Strong name. Thank you. I come from a long line of LaForges. Tell me about yourself. And as he goes, she starts inspecting the room, kind of listening. All right, you see a bunch of rowdy people all about you. No one out of the ordinary that you can see so far. Let's see here, what interesting",Perception
Perception,"You are grappled by the Mutton Man. He grabs you and says, ""Not so fast, dear, we're going to have ""some fun tonight."" You are restrained for right now. You cannot move. Do you know that Muffin Man? (singing) Do you know the muffin man? So you are grappled. Ooh! I have a thing! You are grappled! (cheering) It matches my albino, even! That's the Mutton Man. Now we go to Kingston. Kingston, before your roll, you have dropped to your knees. You are feeling like shit. You open",Athletics
Perception,"the used bottles and put them sort of behind the bar. Great. I start filling bottles with Greep. Bottles with Greep? You're going to use your action to do this? All right. So Valerie, who still doesn't really love you behind the bar is watching you fill up bottles, but she's okay because she got a bunch of gold out of it. So she's allowing it with a sneer. The man right behind you, Xavier, really doesn't like this, but he is a ninny, so he's just like (grumbling). For my bonus action, I toss him ten gold, as well. Oh, wow! Bonus action gold toss. That's nice. While you're down there getting these bottles, why",Persuasion
Perception,"Oh, wait, no. It says here that it's a d6. Yeah, cast this on another creature. That player can add 1d6 to an attack, save, or skill check. Players are in charge of knowing their shit, except for Eric. Okay! Suddenly, without warning, without making a sound, a new mysterious figure emerges from the back room. Pushing Xavier away, he moves quickly and silently across the Ass Sailor with a speed none of you have ever witnessed. It's like the figure runs without moving his body. He floats in a beautiful sprint. As he passes by you, Gryffin, you suddenly feel even hotter than before. For an instant, he strikes fear into your",Stealth
Athletics,"Free and clear in the wind. So who's going first? Who's going second? Are you going to talk to each other at all? You're just going to go? Are you going to hit each other? What's happening? Anyone want to go in first? I'm going to kick the bard in the ass, and when I kick him in the ass, I'm going to cast Light on his ass as he falls down into the hole. You can cast Light on an ass? It's anything I touch, and it's a cantrip, so his ass lights up as he falls down the hole. All right, so yes. Kingston, you fall in first. Am I like propeller guy in Titanic?",Athletics
Investigation,"knob. Are you still in the same marching order? Kingston first or Kingston second? I call down over my shoulder and say: hey, ass kicker! That's you. No, it's not. Clothesline, get up here. I'm ass flicker. Fuck you! I don't follow your orders. You tried to kill me! I want to investigate what's under the stairs. I don't even know why I'm still here! So nobody is going with you right now, Jayne. You're in front of a door. Gryffin, can you roll",Investigation
Perception,"So nobody is going with you right now, Jayne. You're in front of a door. Gryffin, can you roll an investigation check? And I'm going to do my best to see if there's any kind of trap on the door I'm looking at. 18. 18. Yes. All right. There is a false wall here that opens up into another corridor that leads this way. Let me see how I described it. Yes. Okay. It empties out into a wider room, and I'm going to do this. All right, so what would you like to do? Can I check to see if there's any trace of footprints or anything?",Investigation
Investigation,"right? Yes. Another fucking snake. Whoa! I will take that. Okay. Do you proceed into this room or do you hang out? I turn around and I say: kitty-kitty, there seems to be another room down here and it seems to me that the frost is dissipating a bit on the floor. What do you think we should do? There's no sign of footprints, but I don't know that there were footprints on the other way. Jayne, do you see footprints? Besides your own, of course. I'm looking at the door in front of me and seeing if I can see anything hinky with it.",Investigation
Investigation,"That's so cool. So you've got a white whip that's lit up. So it's finally useful, is it? You're not there. That was Zahra showing up for a moment. You said there were potions on the table that I see now. You can investigate that, yeah. Is it possible for me at some point to try to grapple her? To grapple Jayne? If you want to walk down the hall, you can try. I've entered the room and I want to inspect the potions you said there were on the table?",Investigation
Investigation,"is-- I'll tell you. That is eight hit points back for you. Hooray, eight, hey! Hey, ugh. (coughs) I would say thanks, but I'm not going to argue. What do you need? You can try to kill me later. I want the little red-haired girl, you understand? Yeah. Red-haired girl. Got it. Got it, boss. Come on. So you join the others? I'll follow her. All right. So who is looking around the room, doing something? Can we check for traps?",Investigation
Investigation,"Can we check for traps? Sure. Make an investigation check. What are you checking for traps? The floor. You said there was shit written on the pillar? Can I see if I recognize any of the symbols on the pillar? Sure. What languages do you speak? I speak Common, Elven, Halfling, Valley Girl. What was your check, Mary? 18. And I speak Elvish, Abysmal and Common. Abyssal. You're looking at the floor specifically? Okay. Brian, can you roll an",Investigation
Perception,"Maybe you're immune now that it bit you and you could just go touch it and press one of the eyes and maybe it won't do anything to you. I recommend trying all the eyes. It would make such a good story, though, in your book if you did it, Kingston. Oh, I know, but if it goes bad, who will be around to write the book? Surely a fan such as yourself would be dedicated enough to-- Did you always write your books or did you have a ghostwriter? Oh, I didn't have a ghostwriter. Are you kidding me? The pain that I went through. I was able to pull from so many different places.",Insight
Perception,"Not until after this spell is done. 13! Aw, 13? Plus three is 16. He beat it! Damn! He beat it! Spell burned! Now you know how I felt all night, Liam Oberon. You know, Jayne, I couldn't help but overhear. You were talking down the hall, and these caverns echo. Did I not hear you say that you may or may not be associated with the Chained Oblivion? Was he anywhere near me when I had that private conversation? The caverns do carry audio. Why don't you",Persuasion
Investigation,"No, I'm at that tunnel entrance. I never entered. Okay, got it. So you're calling her back? Great. And Frankie? I'm going to stay right there. Great. So you take four points of poison damage as this pillar shoots out a bit of poison. You're standing near it, unfortunately. Look, I just want to be close to the action. Cool. You guys kind of get the sense that the longer you stay in here the more shit's going to start happening. Anyone want to look at the door? I would like to look at the door.",Investigation
Perception,"Can you see if there are numbers, like four numbers on the ceiling that are the same color? What color is the lock? The lock is a basic gray. However, the slot where you line up the correct numbers has a faint color on it. The first two are orange. The second two are green. Okay, so I'm looking at the padlock. Because you're up at the ceiling and I'm at the door, right? Two orange, two green. What do you see up top? An Irish flag. All right. Which numbers are orange, which numbers are green up on the ceiling?",Perception
Perception,"numbers. Grab your pencil. There's many orange numbers. They're all across the top of the ceiling. They are six, one, eight, seven, two, one, eight, two, four, nine, two, seven, one, zero. You're a terrible person. Can I use this item about this? What is this item? Is it the earring? It can tell you something about a person or a creature, but not about a room. Okay. Were those the orange numbers? Those were the orange numbers. What are the green numbers?",Perception
Investigation,"still standing, or did it explode after hitting us? There's four pillars. One of them poofed out poison. It was rough. Sorry, guys. On the other side of the door, you hear a low (snarling). Oh, fuck. All right. Did that sound like a cat to anyone else? No, that sounded like a lizard or something. And the lock looks like what over there? It's like a big padlock. Is there anything I can see on the lock? Tell me about the lock.",Investigation
Perception,"fact about you, and she's chosen to know your weaknesses. My weaknesses? I don't know what those are. I could tell her many things. Well, how about your-- let's see here. I will tell you lots of things in the interest of not slowing down this episode. You learn that I'm very weak and easily hit. You learn that I am almost out of spells. And you have learned that I am part of four generations of women that have served the Chained Oblivion, which is a god that everyone has heard of. And the Chained Oblivion wants to destroy everything and I am fucking crazy, just like my mother.",Persuasion
Perception,"Say that all again, Liam? Six is one-third of 18. Seven is one-third of 21. Eight is one-third of 24. Nine is one-third of 27. Ten is one-third of-- there's nothing there. What is ten one-third of? 30. So try-- well, there's four numbers, though. Those numbers that you're looking at are orange. The first two slots on the lock are orange. So we need to find the two numbers that are green now.",Perception
Investigation,"the (crashing) of each step of the titan you're within seems to cause you to shift slightly, and a faint bit of dust be released from the tunnel around you. Because we don't know what part of this is the titan's butt and earth, but some of it could have been made by cannibal dwarves at some point, I'm going to assume I'm looking for traps and listening for undead cannibal dwarves. Okay, so you're taking a very slow approach. Actually, that's a good point. Does this look like it was carved by man from cannibal dwarves, or nature-made?",Nature
Investigation,"within seems to cause you to shift slightly, and a faint bit of dust be released from the tunnel around you. Because we don't know what part of this is the titan's butt and earth, but some of it could have been made by cannibal dwarves at some point, I'm going to assume I'm looking for traps and listening for undead cannibal dwarves. Okay, so you're taking a very slow approach. Actually, that's a good point. Does this look like it was carved by man from cannibal dwarves, or nature-made? Make an investigation check.",Nature
Nature,"within seems to cause you to shift slightly, and a faint bit of dust be released from the tunnel around you. Because we don't know what part of this is the titan's butt and earth, but some of it could have been made by cannibal dwarves at some point, I'm going to assume I'm looking for traps and listening for undead cannibal dwarves. Okay, so you're taking a very slow approach. Actually, that's a good point. Does this look like it was carved by man from cannibal dwarves, or nature-made? Make an investigation check.",Nature
Nature,"faint bit of dust be released from the tunnel around you. Because we don't know what part of this is the titan's butt and earth, but some of it could have been made by cannibal dwarves at some point, I'm going to assume I'm looking for traps and listening for undead cannibal dwarves. Okay, so you're taking a very slow approach. Actually, that's a good point. Does this look like it was carved by man from cannibal dwarves, or nature-made? Make an investigation check. Investigation, or nature check?",Nature
Investigation,"Beginning of the Age of Arcanum, which was long before the Divergence. Can I touch the ground, now that we're in the titan? I'm thinking maybe this might be where the Knuckles are from. Can I touch it and see if the oven mitts do anything? Their general, faint vibration never stops. There's a perpetual, very minute hum to them. Touching it doesn't seem to have any effect or change. The proximity seems to be triggering some sort of harmonization. I reach up and touch my Adam's apple and (vibrating) this place is crazy. Sorry. No, you wouldn't do it? I thought you would.",Investigation
Nature,"titan hold? Well, this thing is massive. I know, but is there a barrel of water in his chest? Maybe a lake? An underground lake? We're always impressed by how much water comes out of you. At this point, you guys would be able to move around and continue up past where this opening is, and the river would no longer be impeding your path. Let's do that. Keep moving up, right? That's where the city is. Sure.",Nature
Nature,"I know, but is there a barrel of water in his chest? Maybe a lake? An underground lake? We're always impressed by how much water comes out of you. At this point, you guys would be able to move around and continue up past where this opening is, and the river would no longer be impeding your path. Let's do that. Keep moving up, right? That's where the city is. Sure. Hang on. Can I do a nature check? Is there anything weird about this?",Nature
Stealth,"Divine Sense, which is specific to undead location, not vague, if there's any within 60 feet. I'll use one. Okay. Focusing, no undead within 60 feet of you. That's good. I drank a tiny little potion of healing. I healed six. Good job! So it's leading up to a plateau? Yeah, it goes up about ten or so feet, 15 feet up, and then it leads to another plateau, and you can't see beyond that. I'm going to scuttle up and look over.",Stealth
Stealth,"Okay. That brings us to Vax. Can I move ten feet closer to Scanlan, and do the classic Van Damme movement and stand between stalactites in the ceiling and hide with my bonus action. Right here? Yeah, and hide in the ceiling. What? You going to Time Cop that shit? That's awesome! Are you doing the splits, right now, are your legs--? Nah, I'm just using my feet for that. No, my hands are occupied. With my feet, yeah.",Stealth
Stealth,"Can I move ten feet closer to Scanlan, and do the classic Van Damme movement and stand between stalactites in the ceiling and hide with my bonus action. Right here? Yeah, and hide in the ceiling. What? You going to Time Cop that shit? That's awesome! Are you doing the splits, right now, are your legs--? Nah, I'm just using my feet for that. No, my hands are occupied. With my feet, yeah. Make a stealth check.",Stealth
Perception,"18. 18. All right, you barely manage to avoid-- Oh, now Trinket's all alone! You are most gracious. So as the rock comes up to consume you, it covers over both of you. And there's a brief moment of silence before Grog bursts out and steps up onto the stone, unaffected by the impact. And that's its full speed, so it can't earthglide again. This one here is going to scoot and appear right around the edge on that side. That's in range for me? It is, yes. And me?",Athletics
Perception,"the ground. Untamed monster! She gives it three or four more hits on the ground out of frustration. Yeah, because she got trapped. Yep. I go rescue the bear. Be careful! I think there's another elemental right there. Are there any more? I think Trinket's an elemental. As you guys all make your way over to the pile, as it's shifting and moving, you all prepare your weaponry for what might emerge. Make a",Stealth
Investigation,"the left and stops at a cylindrical chamber. It's still a cavernous space, but it has a cylindrical shape to it. About 40 feet in diameter, about 50 feet tall at its apex, and in the center of it, you see a partially collapsed dark stone pavilion or small temple. At the bottom in the middle? Well, you guys turn and it's in the center of this chamber that rises up before you in the center of this small, egg-shaped opening, the space. And you see this made of a deep, dark, grayish, almost black stone structure that looks beautifully made. The craftwork is distinctly dwarven. Is it old?",Investigation
Religion,"jammed into the side of the structure. And looking past the craggy piles of loose rock, you can see shattered glass across the ground, and part of the rock as the rockslide has pushed into one of these glass panels that marks the exterior of the small, gazebo-like temple structure. It seems to have filled, from what you can see at least at this distance, a portion of the interior as well. There is a double door in the front that is currently closed and the right side of the door is buried partially by the remainder of this rockslide that has come to a halt at the base of the structure. Do we know what gods dwarves worshipped? Do they have specific gods?",Religion
Stealth,"up at it. It's very simple when you get up close to it, but the further back you go, it's a beautiful arrangement. I bet it's a crypt, which means that it's trapped, and I bet that means there's something expensive and interesting inside. DM, question. Yes. Because I can't remember for sure, didn't, in our story somewhere, we come up with a solution for Pike's noisiness? Something that quieted her down? She had stealth boots. Yes, her boots, they gave her advantage on",Stealth
Perception,"suffered severe damage and probably wouldn't sustain another blow. I mean-- Go ahead. Fee fi fo fum! (laughs) Roll an attack again. That is a 15. 15, yeah, that's enough. That's just enough. You slam a second time, you don't have to roll damage. Even with the additional modifier it's enough. The door (crumbling) crumples inward and falls inside the actual chamber as your fist turns it into shattered rock and dust. Can Pike see undead in there?",Athletics
Perception,"sustain another blow. I mean-- Go ahead. Fee fi fo fum! (laughs) Roll an attack again. That is a 15. 15, yeah, that's enough. That's just enough. You slam a second time, you don't have to roll damage. Even with the additional modifier it's enough. The door (crumbling) crumples inward and falls inside the actual chamber as your fist turns it into shattered rock and dust. Can Pike see undead in there? Make a perception check.",Perception
Religion,"that curve around this side, each containing a stone box about that big, on each pedestal. What?! Otherwise, all around the ground here are broken rocks and shattered statue bits from the rockslide. They pushed it inside. It's a mess across the ground from the impact of the rockslide. So, what are you guys doing? I'm checking the boxes for traps. And the door. Can we see anything that points to what deity it is from inside the chamber? Can we see anything? Glancing around? You can't make another",Religion
Religion,"across the ground from the impact of the rockslide. So, what are you guys doing? I'm checking the boxes for traps. And the door. Can we see anything that points to what deity it is from inside the chamber? Can we see anything? Glancing around? You can't make another religion check on one you've already failed. Oh, yeah, no. So you don't see anything that comes across as religious iconography. What about Pike though, because she's looking in.",Religion
Investigation,"Yeah! We're all going to get out of the chamber. Okay, so you all clear out of the chamber. 30. 30, okay. You find there's actually a pressure cartridge at the very top of the box, so you slip your dagger in, so it remains depressed. As you lift the lid, you put your thumb over it and hold it, trap never triggers. Looking inside, it's empty. (shutting noise) (shutting noise) No problem. Just go down the line.",Investigation
Investigation,"So, as you go and take a moment and check the door, there is a bronze image faintly carved into it of a stocky dwarven man with a thick beard that touches his toes. It completely covers the front of his body. He wears plated armor that comes to dangerous, jagged, curved-up points. As far as dwarves go, this one looks about as unhappy and unapproachable as any dwarf, and you've encountered some pretty gnarly dwarves in your time. As you glance down, there does appear to be an opening for a key and there is an oval turning mechanism, like a vault door, like a smaller vault. I'm going to check for traps.",Investigation
Arcana,"now if it were cursed. Anyone have an Identify spell? She might be able to sense good and evil, no? I don't know. Or is that for creatures, not for-- That's for creatures. I could Detect Good and Evil. Yeah. Here. It's creatures. Gimme. I can look at it and just look at it. I'll look at it. Does it feel magic?",Arcana
History,"I could Detect Good and Evil. Yeah. Here. It's creatures. Gimme. I can look at it and just look at it. I'll look at it. Does it feel magic? Make an arcana check, if you're looking at it. Sorry. Just looking. 12. We suck. It's interesting. It's not so much that you can see any sort of-- there's no runic ornamentation it seems on it, but it's like a deep",History
Arcana,"I'm just saying. What's your hammer like? My Dwarven Thrower? It can be single or double-handed. It's not a warhammer. It flies back to my hand, though. Oh, that's pretty cool. It is. But you can never have enough hammers. Do you mind if I--? No, but I mean, how are you going to wield this? You have two other weapons, don't you? Are you kidding me? I'm like a fucking Home Depot of weapons. I got what you need. Sure, go for it. What about the belt?",Perception
Perception,"be falling away to some semblance of actual holding architecture. And eventually it reveals a much larger hall of very apparent dwarven architecture. The ceiling now pulls up to about 60 feet above you, stalagmites dripping condensation from the shadow above, you can hear the distant drops in the distance of the cavern before you. You can make out broken ruins built into the walls of each side. Ancient stone homes and structures that now crack and crumble with each footfall of the titan. As you hear the (impact) of the next heavy footfall, you see as a couple of stones tumble from some of these structures, clattering across the cavern floor.",Perception
Stealth,"Further than your visual range. Further than my visual range. Okay, we've got company up ahead. So, yeah. What kind of an alien language? Any that we recognize? You hear this faint-- sounds like a voice, droning, slightly changing pitch, but it's so disparate and so distant that you can't make up anything other than noticing that it exists amongst the steady, low, rhythmic rumbles of each separate footfall of the beast you now currently are within. Vax. Go fetch. Stealth.",Stealth
Perception,"So the first dagger does-- Ten, 14, 17, 23, 24, 48 plus psychic damage. 54 for the first attack. The two daggers hit nothing as the first dagger strikes and slaughters the creature. And hits the water and now floats up, unmoving in the pond there. You can see the liquid around it darkening. You just killed an NPC! We're not in Emon in the market square! No one knows about this. The sheer force of the first dagger sends it off the broken statue and it falls into the water and it is now unmoving.",Athletics
Investigation,"It was holding a baby. Flame Tongue is out, what am I looking at? Do you want to look at its face? Yeah. Okay, as you pull one of the spines and pull it back, you can see toothy jaws, humanoid-like, but grey and coming to a point where you can see jagged teeth in the top and bottom row, and one singular large yellowish eye in the center of its face, no nose, and the eye is slightly rolled back. Liam knows what this thing is, but Vax does not. Fuck this thing! I'm going to start looking-- what are the trinkets on it?",Investigation
Arcana,"Cinc-ture? Cincture. It's like Spanx. We should call it Spanx of the Stone King. How do you know that? How do you not? Oh, it's like, people still make these things? It's like a cincture. Like Spanx. Oh, I've never seen that word before. Oh, Freddie. Get excited. I found a spyglass covered in diarrhea. Would you like it? Yes. Clean it, please. What is this creature? Do we know what this creature is?",Investigation
Investigation,"steps. They begin to vanish beneath more loose earth and stone for another 20 or so feet before reemerging again in places. About 40 feet past that, the tunnel ends at a set of heavy stone eight-foot doors. The surrounding cavern has slid in places, but it doesn't appear to be burying the door, to a certain extent. They're just closed. You don't see any handles  you don't see any keyhole entry point. They're just two stone slabs. They're simple. They're smooth. There's no intricate scrolling. There's no Dwarven text. They're just impeding your progress. Let's have a look. Yeah, I'll look around.",Investigation
Perception,"the stone door-- this is the right or the left one? The right one. The right one, right. You watch as where it meets the stone, cracks begin to form at the edge and with one shift (shifting), it seems to push forward and (falling and impacting). You actually broke whatever mechanism was holding it in place and caused that side of the door to fall inward (booming). As it hits the ground, you hear the echo (echoing boom). Wait, I know a saying for this: They make them like they used to! That's relevant. Accurate. Can I see anything immediately in the--",Investigation
Perception,"with small entryways that lead to each. The floor is covered in flaked shale, dirt, the occasional glitter of some sort of errant coin or gold piece or copper piece. At this point, again you hear the distant (booming) of a titan footfall. The chamber shakes, and a fresh layer of dust falls, clouds a bit, before resting to the floor. That's the most you can make out at first glance inside this chamber. There's more tunnels. Looking for traps, dead guys, from the door. Can I do a peek and check to see if there's signs of any cave-in potentials? Potential cave-ins?",Investigation
Investigation,"somewhere that leads out? With your face? Yeah, I want to feel the wind on my face. Thanks. 28. Glancing about this chamber, it's very well made. In fact, based on the smatterings of gold on the ground and glancing about the way it's built, this looks to be specifically a vault. This once contained probably a portion of the wealth of the people of this town. Oh, somebody rolled this place. We don't hear anybody or anything? Not at the moment, no.",Investigation
Perception,"17 damage? All righty. So a second hit slams, and you could see the first one where it burst out, burned and singed the necrotic flash. The second one hits, not as impactful but still, it looks relatively hurt. That ends Pike's go. Can't she move away from him? Oh, no, because he will get an attack. She could move back five, but it will get an attack of opportunity if she does that. No, she's going to face him down. Okay. Grog, you're up. I would like to rage and run up and to this doorway. Five, 10, 15, 20. Can I see anything in this room?",Athletics
Investigation,"begins to burn away as the flames left over from the Fireball consume the rest of its body. It tumbles to its knees and burns into this skeletal mass that turns to ash on the ground. That happened in six seconds. It was like, (explosions). We need to get out of here. It's crumbling. There are chests about. I take my flaming sword and do a few Jedi kid moves. When no one's looking, go (lightsaber noises). I go check for traps on that chest right there.",Investigation
Investigation,"There are chests about. I take my flaming sword and do a few Jedi kid moves. When no one's looking, go (lightsaber noises). I go check for traps on that chest right there. Make an investigation check. 14. 14? Okay. Does not appear to be trapped. All right, then I'm going to open it. You open it? There are seven gold pieces, two silver, and the rest of it's empty. Awesome. Look at all this money! I'll check for traps.",Investigation
Perception,"All right, then I'm going to open it. You open it? There are seven gold pieces, two silver, and the rest of it's empty. Awesome. Look at all this money! I'll check for traps. Investigation check. It's a 22. 22, okay. Room does not appear to be trapped, from what you can see. I'm going to check that trunk. The chest. You're going to check that for traps, as well? This is not quite as-- seven.",Investigation
Nature,"your arms, to your hand. With that, your fingers widen and the hammer falls to the ground, there. That hold that it had on you is lifted. I think I'm going to leave this here, if that's cool with you guys. She gives you the mom look and says, ""Don't touch it, okay?"" Do you have time to attune to your other thing? Yeah, I'll pick up the Bloodaxe out of the Bag of Holding and start attuning to that again. Old trusty Bloodaxe. So you guys are taking a short rest to attune? In caves and other natural underground",Nature
Insight,"And that's where we left off. As you guys all crawl through this recently cleared opening, you come into a partially collapsed cavern about 20 or so feet wide in places with elements of the ceiling fallen in. You can see the rocks that are scattered amongst the ground rumbling with each impact of the feet of the titan you're currently riding within. It seems to be going at a steady incline beginning baseline and then about 20 feet ahead, begin to rise upward to about a 30 to 45-degree angle with the next 25, 30 or so feet. How do you play Dungeons and Dragons? Two weeks, Sam? It's too much for you? I've forgotten entirely what we're supposed",Insight
Perception,"incline based on how much it continues upward to keep your footing. Brother. Yeah? Make sure you stay within 60 feet of me. I turn around and look at her and go: all right. You said you're 20 fucking feet in front of me, I'm using my fucking earring to whisper to you. You're stage-whispering and that's very easy to hear. Stay within fucking 60 feet of me, all right?",Perception
Stealth,"it. But here's the thing. Everybody stay right at the bottom. We're going to fly up, but we're not going to fly up more than 60 feet away from them. Right. We'll go 60 feet up, see what we can see. And then come back down. Sure. Or you could stay there and I could go even further up 60 feet-- All right. As long as everybody's within 60 feet of me. Because we're getting really close and I don't want Vecna to see us. I've got this ring. That's right. I forgot about the ring. All right. Let's do that. So as you guys glide up on the broom,",Stealth
Athletics,"this tunnel seems to end and it looks like there is a solid, rocky blockage. What do you see? It's corked up. It's all right. Yeah, it's blocked up with stone. I guess I'd have to get a closer look to see if we could get through. Well, get a fucking closer look. If we have to, we can just have Grog beat it down. Yes, but quiet is the key word. Is it? We can try and time it to a step. Hand on the sides to get my way up closer to it. Looking for any traps.",Athletics
Athletics,"Well, get a fucking closer look. If we have to, we can just have Grog beat it down. Yes, but quiet is the key word. Is it? We can try and time it to a step. Hand on the sides to get my way up closer to it. Looking for any traps. Go ahead and make an athletics check as you're climbing up to maintain the strength, as the incline is now towards the end getting more and more steep. Get ready to catch me. I'm going to hover.",Athletics
Perception,"Deftly, you manage to find the proper handholds and pull your strength up as the final bit becomes a little bit of a upper body weight carrying situation, and you come to the edge of the rock and you see it. It does appear to be a rocky cave-in or larger boulder that has fallen or been placed to close. It looks to be one solid rock, yeah. At this point, the entrance is about four foot by two foot. And it's all blocked by one solid piece of rock. Yeah. We're not getting through this. Hey. I'm not getting through this, you're not. Maybe Kiki can. Do we see any other openings?",Investigation
Perception,"been placed to close. It looks to be one solid rock, yeah. At this point, the entrance is about four foot by two foot. And it's all blocked by one solid piece of rock. Yeah. We're not getting through this. Hey. I'm not getting through this, you're not. Maybe Kiki can. Do we see any other openings? This would be a perception check. Matt, my friends just told me to start paying attention to the cadence of the steps to see if they change in any discernible way. That's what we're doing. While they do that, we're timing the steps out.",Perception
Athletics,"the appropriate moment. It also saves me a 6th-level spell. Well, that's what's most important. Are the Knuckles still doing that vibrating hum thing? Yeah. Can I go into a rage? You may. And I would like to try and bash the shit out of this-- In tempo. This is a tight tunnel for you. You have to crouch down, round your shoulders as you're doing it. I'm going to do the one-inch punch.",Athletics
Nature,"can see a little bit the very inside of this chamber. You can see a darkened brazier. It's your mind playing tricks on you. You thought you heard a raven. Every day when I'm on the crapper, Matt. Everywhere. A cold metallic brazier in the middle of the room. And that's as far as you can see into the chamber, before the edge of your visual range goes dark. People don't install those unless there's something awful that needs to be done. Do we have any idea how far we've climbed?",Nature
Nature,"What do I do? Go see if you can walk through the mirror. Tap the mirror. Light the brazier! We've done that before and we all exploded. Yeah, but it's Vax. Wait. Before we do that, can I reach some of the ashy stuff? If you enter the chamber to, yeah. Hand me some ash. I'll test it. I scoop some ash. Lady of the Grey Hunt, here. I scoop up some ash and I pour it into her hands.",Nature
Investigation,"Yeah, that's what I'm wondering. (groans) Wow. No. What is it? (groans) Is it for real? You are lying! Look at that face! You are not lying! Oh man. That's a one. Thanks, Gil. I blame Gil for his natural 20 in the balance of the universe. It's light ash. You're not sure what the basis of what may have burned here. You see more of it gathered near where the brazier is. Is it in piles that would be about human-amount of ash?",Perception
Investigation,"That's true. That could be. Simon (slithering) moves over. I lean over to Percy, I say: science! Hits the button. (click) Right on the entrance of where you are in the chamber, slams closed. Iron metal now closes off that entranceway. I'm going to touch the door. And say goodbye. Simon, we barely knew him. Is it warm? It is beginning to get warm. It's an oven. I'm looking for some sort some sort of cancel mechanism somewhere on the outside of the door.",Investigation
Perception,"that lean in towards the ceiling there-- it is a perfect solid iron slab that has closed off at the entrance. No problem. I'll get it down. No! Wait. Simon is technically a magical item, so I don't think he would be harmed by anything going on in there, so why don't we give it five minutes? And maybe it'll open again. Yeah. Is there anything going on in the tunnel, on the outside of this door, where we are? Coming up from behind us?",Perception
Perception,"interior of the chamber is also that same orangish glow. The mirror is unscathed. You all step back and watch and a few minutes pass as it slowly begins to cool off, the metal slowly darkening. You're too far away to look. You make a perception check to try and glance in? Can't you call to him? Simon? Come here, buddy. There's no response. (gasps) He's a magical item! Oh, but he could have turned back into a belt. What's he going to say if you call to him? Was he going to say something? He would come to me, Percy! Jeepers",Perception
Investigation,"It's cooled off enough, right? Well, no. If you guys want to take a few minutes, you can wait until it cools off, if you want to. Why don't we try pushing all four buttons at once? Wait, before we do that, I'm going to enter the room and look around at the walls and the ceiling. Okay, I take it you wait until it cools off. It takes about ten minutes or so for it to fully cool off, to the point where it's comfortable. I'm looking for markings, indications of instructions, arrows, any hidden words--",Perception
Arcana,"now gone. But they're revealed by heat. Where were they? They were upper and lower corner, yeah. I walk over and I heat them with my heat hands. Okay, so you take your hands and you put them up near there. As you put your hands on the wall, nothing seems to happen. As you glance through the reflection where she has her hands, that symbol seems to be appearing again. What is the symbol of? It's so far. I don't know. Can I see it? It looks to be a simple triangular symbol,",Arcana
Investigation,"But what if the buttons are correlated with the symbols? Let's try pushing all four buttons. The regular buttons or the magic ones? Please stand by. I want to go look at where the symbol is and see if it's a fucking button. Yeah, if I touch the symbol, there's nothing there, right? Was there anything there? You put your hand on there. Nothing. The wall doesn't move. It's just a wall. No depression, no toggle?",Investigation
Investigation,"symbols in the frame? As you look in the actual frame itself, you don't see anything that matches the symbols. What if these are numbers and the order you have to push the buttons? Except we have two twos, and no three? I know. One, two, four! No, because you have to hit one, and then you have to hit the two together-- And then why not three? Okay, all right. Can we do a sweep for more? Can I clear off the door area that we walked through? So Grog, you go through, (rapid blowing).",Investigation
Investigation,"I don't know, who makes it? Warner Brothers! Okay, so now we know the order to push the buttons and the amount of times to push the buttons. Yes, so now we've just got to do it. Should we check around the mirror frame to see if there's anything to dust off? The mirror frame? I gave it a little bit of a rub. I'm going to go up and go tap-tap-tap on the mirror. Okay. It taps. Can I wipe off the edges around the frame and see if there's anything around the frame of the mirror, since I seem to be so good at this?",Investigation
Perception,"about rogues. You guys make your way up about 45, 50 or so feet up the stairway, you keeping an eye out, no traps, nothing catches your eye as iffy or strange, and the stairs now switch back into another set. It's a small landing and then it continues upward. Okay, but I'm only going to go 40 feet in advance. That's like ten fucked rolls of mine from the past 30 games! Anyway, I love it. So it's a big 180, going right up? Yeah, it's a switchback. The staircase ascends, then there's a landing, and it continues upward and around. Do we hear anything?",Perception
Investigation,"I'll wait, obviously. Nothing's going to explode on my friends, so they catch up with me. Okay, so they're all behind you now where this entrance is, and as you look past it, this hallway that you're entering, it looks like there was a doorway here. There was some sort of hinge on the edge that held a door that had since been broken or toppled forward. You can see pieces of the door that once held this entranceway, and a number of the buildings immediately to the right and left. That's where you stand, what do you want to do? Does it look like there's any footprints coming in and out of the doorway that we came from?",Investigation
Investigation,"to do? Does it look like there's any footprints coming in and out of the doorway that we came from? Make an investigation check. Can I look for a doorknob or a keyhole? Everything we were told is that this place is full of undead cannibals. 23. Not in a long time. Is there shattered remnants of the door? Yeah, you see a couple of shards here and there-- Any doorknob or a keyhole that's on the ground or anything?",Investigation
Investigation,"Does it look like there's any footprints coming in and out of the doorway that we came from? Make an investigation check. Can I look for a doorknob or a keyhole? Everything we were told is that this place is full of undead cannibals. 23. Not in a long time. Is there shattered remnants of the door? Yeah, you see a couple of shards here and there-- Any doorknob or a keyhole that's on the ground or anything? Make an investigation check. Lot of",Investigation
Perception,"Yes. Are your Titanstone Knuckles exalted yet? Yep. They're just buzzing. Yeah, are they still dildoing on your fingers? Are they buzzing more? Are they humming more? Doesn't appear to have changed. Nope, just humming. Step two steps closer. Two steps closer to the temple. Do they appear to be buzzing more? Are they appearing buzzing more?",Perception
Stealth,"square window about every 25 to 30 feet. And it's big. It's large, but you can see that faint glow between multiple windows from this distance. So should we fly up to that window? I think it'd be safer to stay on the ground level and sneak. Because if we're the air, they are going to see us. Let's do it. And we still have Pass Without a Trace, so let's go. Yes, we do. She cast it. All right, now that this brief combat has finished, those who took place in it, which would be you, Vax, Grog, and Percy have to remake your",Stealth
Perception,"you can see areas where it looks like it's sustained some physical damage or eroded over time. You eventually make your way around the outside wall of the temple to one of the first doorways, and it is an archway, maybe six feet tall and about four feet wide. Very simple. This is an old temple. Is that light you talked about coming from one specific source, or all over the place? Every window. Is there a story? It looks to be coming from the base. From down below. Can we see in one of the windows?",Perception
Perception,"all glance towards this explosion. Some have been blasted away from it by the impact of the detonation. Others are making their way towards what the strange sound was, drawn towards it, but you're keeping this central safe space between, where none of them can grasp or assail you. Were there other buildings like that, ready to fall from the ceiling? Currently, what you see is just the one. I'm looking for gaps or holes or anything in the ceiling of this cavern or anywhere to get out. MATT  You see entrances to homes that are built into the sides. What about a tunnel or anything?",Perception
Perception,"blasted away from it by the impact of the detonation. Others are making their way towards what the strange sound was, drawn towards it, but you're keeping this central safe space between, where none of them can grasp or assail you. Were there other buildings like that, ready to fall from the ceiling? Currently, what you see is just the one. I'm looking for gaps or holes or anything in the ceiling of this cavern or anywhere to get out. MATT  You see entrances to homes that are built into the sides. What about a tunnel or anything? Make a perception check. Anyone who has",Perception
Arcana,"body-sized hole? No, it's about 15 feet wide. The full chamber is maybe 50 or so feet across. About a 20-foot walkway, circular, before the hole in the center. Did you say the hole is a natural gap in the cave, or does it look made? If you glance down and look about the interior of this chamber, it is not natural. It is all carved. Can we look at the gem for a second, since there's no undead around? If you want to. Grog has it. Do you want me to pull it out?",Arcana
Arcana,"Can we look at the gem for a second, since there's no undead around? If you want to. Grog has it. Do you want me to pull it out? Yeah. Can you do an arcana check on it? Sure. I can look at it. How big is it? Is it baseball-sized? It's about that big. No undead, right? No creatures, nobody that's going to (whoop) to the shiny blue light? We can't see anything around us? Not at the moment, no. I remove the handkerchief. I look at it. I inspect it like a jeweler inspecting a jewel. 18",Arcana
Investigation,"our rest. Maybe a cause will reveal itself. Hold onto it for now. It could come in handy. It's like that dress you bought four years ago you still haven't worn. It might find a purpose. All right, focus! Let's get out of this dome. Is there any writing or engraving or runes on the edge of the circle that's been engineered? On the edge of the circle? No. It's smooth stone, intently designed to be a drop or opening of some kind. Are there exits?",Investigation
Arcana,"whole time. Yeah, the guy in the red was controlling it. Yeah. He didn't cast it, though. We didn't see him cast that. It came out of the wall. Yeah, it came out of that little gap on the side there. I'm going to go over to the sphere and say to I command thee to respect my authority and obey me as your new master. Are you trying to exert your will on the sphere? I'm intimidating the sphere.",Arcana
Arcana,"Yeah, the guy in the red was controlling it. Yeah. He didn't cast it, though. We didn't see him cast that. It came out of the wall. Yeah, it came out of that little gap on the side there. I'm going to go over to the sphere and say to I command thee to respect my authority and obey me as your new master. Are you trying to exert your will on the sphere? I'm intimidating the sphere. Make an intelligence arcana check.",Arcana
Arcana,"it. Yeah. He didn't cast it, though. We didn't see him cast that. It came out of the wall. Yeah, it came out of that little gap on the side there. I'm going to go over to the sphere and say to I command thee to respect my authority and obey me as your new master. Are you trying to exert your will on the sphere? I'm intimidating the sphere. Make an intelligence arcana check. Intelligence arcana check?",Arcana
Arcana,"I think I can take this thing. ""So did you want me to talk to one of these guys?"" You got the sense that there is a way to exert your will over it the way these guys did, but in that moment, your will faltered, and you didn't quite understand the nature of the sphere. I just need to try again harder. Wait! You got to roll higher than a 19. Can you give yourself inspiration? This is an ability check, right? This is an ability check, yes. Wait, was that a wisdom saving throw?",Arcana
Perception,"on a robe. Yeah. All right. They know that the orb was with two of the others, so as long as we keep the distance, everything should be fine. Oh, so now we're legit. Yeah, we look like we're with them. Hey, twins? How do our flanks look if we move forward? Is it just trees? Is it buildings? I was about to ask. We see flickering light far away, but I don't trust anything. I want to specifically see if anything besides twitching fingers and toes are hiding closer to us.",Perception
Perception,"They know that the orb was with two of the others, so as long as we keep the distance, everything should be fine. Oh, so now we're legit. Yeah, we look like we're with them. Hey, twins? How do our flanks look if we move forward? Is it just trees? Is it buildings? I was about to ask. We see flickering light far away, but I don't trust anything. I want to specifically see if anything besides twitching fingers and toes are hiding closer to us. Make a perception check. And I'm listening for voices. Do I hear anything?",Perception
Perception,"in that direction, at an upward angle. You get the sense that this is near the edge of the city. Can we see any light from above us? Other than the very faint bio-luminescence left by the little patches of dull orange here and there that give you a sense of the overall scope and enclosure of the chamber, no other light source. There's no opening. So the option is really to keep moving forward and find our way out. Same option as ten minutes ago. The figures in the distance. Can we tell by scale how big they are? Do they look humanoid or bigger?",Perception
Perception,"seeing each other. The middle one has a view of each. Occasionally, they'll interface  they converse a bit between the two of them. But for the most part they're definitely keeping a look out. They're very vigilant and looking out into the empty space before them. Seeing which way Keyleth is looking, Vax stands a bit on tiptoe and puts his chin on her shoulder and looks in the distance, and sees the armored figure. Are we close enough to tell if that armored figure has a sword? I can lend the scope of my gun, if that helps. Okay, that would probably help. Make a",Perception
Perception,"something is scrying on the space. As soon as you kick back you're like, ""Shit. That's probably what it was."" Shit, that's probably what it was. He knows we're coming. There was that moment when you two were falling to your deaths before we entered the titan. You were away from me, so it's possible that he knows. I'm sure he knows we're around. Do we want to deal with these people or get around them? Do we see any other tunnels that aren't guarded?",Insight
Investigation,"was like, ""Odell, go tell Viscon."" Yeah, but he was running away. He wasn't the one holding the sphere. Odell wasn't holding the sphere. It was the green robe guy. Who's the green robe guy, then? Gray. Yeah, it was gray. Hold on, I pull it out and look at it. Yeah, it was gray. Wait, we have the actual robe? Just give me that. Are they written on the tags like a school play? Yeah, does it have his name written in it anywhere so he keeps track of it?",Investigation
Stealth,"this for other folks. We're keeping within Pass Without a Trace. I'll say make a wisdom check. To see if I can actually do it? To see how well you manage to mask the terrain nearby. I stand ten feet away from her and give her a plus two. Oh, that's so low. I know. Eight. Plus two! Oh, a wisdom saving throw or a check? A check. It looks like, unfortunately, the shale and broken rock in this vicinity, it's hard to find anything that would actually help hide",Stealth
Stealth,"Can you cast something to help his charisma and his persuasion? Yes, actually, I can, because Freedom of Movement is not a concentration spell. So I'm going to burn my last 2nd-level spell and do Enhance Ability to give you-- Advantage on charisma checks? Peacock's Charisma or whatever the fuck it's called. Note you have Freedom of Movement. How long does it last? Is it an hour? An hour. So you have Freedom of Movement for an hour. Everyone else who's not going forward, make a",Persuasion
Deception,"that direction, and begin to shamble slowly. The two torch-bearers on the right begin to move forward as the armored figure in the center watches on, arms crossed. What are you doing? You have three archways. I go to the one that had that knight near it, right? That's the middle one. I'll go to the middle one. I'm going to keep the ball in front of me to obscure me a little bit. Not dead in front of me, but it's up here, just in case. Hanging my head a little bit. I'll Power! So much power! I've never experienced anything like it before! Come! I need aid!",Deception
Deception,"simple stone placed and then built around to maintain an arch, but they've been fairly recently constructed and it's more like the very basic beginnings of a mine shaft. It looks like these tunnels were carved probably once Thar Amphala arrived above the titan. So they're not extremely stable, but they're stable enough for passage in and out. The guy who talked to me, is he still here? He went with the orb. Okay. Which archway did he come from? The middle. Okay, I'm going to go up to the middle one Excuse me, big fellow. I have to get by.",Deception
Investigation,"with them? I want to attack them so bad, but I know we need to go. I'll run, but I'll say: No! No, don't take me with you. I need to stay here. You're our hostage now! As you're shouting this to skeletons, you glance off over the back of your shoulder and you see a bit of torchlight emerge as a black orb burns through a stone wall. Let's go! I wait until everybody's through, and do I see a crack or nice weakened part in the archway that I can smack?",Investigation
Athletics,"titan footfall. At that point, it sends the rest of this cavern into a more rapid collapse. As you can hear the cracking sound of the rocks behind you, Grog, make a dexterity saving throw. I have advantage on those. It's okay. If we're all running together he gets plus two from me, if he's within ten feet. You guys are probably a little bit higher up than him. 17. 17? As you're moving forward and you're rushing, some of the rocks begin to slam into you. Both you and Pike suffer seven points of bludgeoning damage. The impact of rocks-- make an",Athletics
Perception,"23. Yeah, the rocks begin to collapse around you and they begin to pin your body, but the physical strength you have manages to break through and you are not held in the collapsing tunnel beginning to push forward. You all begin to rush. Slowly the sound of the collapsing tunnel subsides as you begin to glance upward and see the color of green-blue light approaching. Approaching us? Or we're approaching it? We can see the sky and we're causing the collapse behind us? We're up at Thar Amphala? Can we slow down at all, or do we have to keep booking it to avoid the cave-in?",Perception
Stealth,"So we can slow down. You guys can slow down. You're about 15 feet from the surface at this point. Very carefully see what's up there and find some cover. I still got Pass Without a Trace because I didn't cast Hunter's Mark. Who are you people? What do you want with me? I reach over to Scanlan, and I rip his hair off. You reach out, and your hand passes through nothing. That is a great hat.",Stealth
Perception,"gloomstalkers flying around? At this point, looking up, you see about three or four that are maybe 70 or 80 feet above you. But they're doing passes. They're not being stationary and they're constantly circling through. As you glance up and look and nudge away, you can see their yellow eyes piercing from their black, lightless form. Their wings, as they expand and shift, you can see that faint glance, the beams of their vision, scanning across the rooftops. They're all very intent on seeing what's going through the city. And do I see any motherfuckers on the streets?",Perception
Stealth,"That's assuming we hit no pockets. 240 feet. That gets us 480 total feet possible in two hours. Halfway. It's more likely that this thing is sitting in a pool of stilted water. It's probably not encased in a passageway of stone, because how did it get there? If that's the case, we have to move on foot above ground quickly and get close, and then I can tunnel us down. I think that's the only way. Other than that, we're taking several hours to get there at a very slow pace. And we might not get there. Two dozen plus things flying around. Pike",Stealth
Stealth,"we cast the mansion while you're still here. Half the party goes in, team Stealth Sword Recovery Plan goes out, gets the sword, while the rest of the team camps in the mansion. If there's anything around that sword when you get there, you're on your own. Then we go away. We don't try to fight it. Unless we all want to decide, right here and right now, to try and get closer to the sword than the thousand feet we are potentially away from it right now, together as a team, and then cast the mansion. Or not at all. (laughs) This is craziness. I think there is an upside to Pike and I not having to roll",Stealth
Perception,"something. There's no closet. We're in a tiny tunnel. I always carry a closet with me. We know. What are you doing, guys? Let's peek up. Is anything near us right now? And whatever the closest building is closest to the sword. All right, so you guys all emerge out into the open light-- No, we don't! We peek up first to see if anything's near us.",Perception
Stealth,"They're all keeping a net of movement around. I'm going to walk up to Grog and Pike. You hear rocks beginning to emerge-- I grab Grog and Pike. We're going to run together. I activate my Silence spell. You two are in my Silence spell. I've got Pike in my hand. And you still have Pass Without a Trace. Still Pass Without a Trace. No, because when you cast Locate Object, that stopped. I recast it! It's okay. I recast it. Okay, mark that off. So as you guys all emerge topside, rushing this 20 feet distance, I",Stealth
Investigation,"They can't hear you. It is visible, so is there a closet in here or some sort of alcove? If I recall correctly, the entrance is only visible to people that you signify. People who see invisible things can see it. The entrance shimmers faintly and is five feet wide and ten feet tall. You and any creature you designate can enter. Okay, it is visible, but only creatures you designate can enter. That's the difference. So it is a faint shimmer. We have to hide it, yeah.",Stealth
Stealth,"right? I sense the twins. I'm going to cast Locate Object one more time. Oh, that that takes me out of stealth, doesn't it? No. Oh. But I have Pass Without a Trace, which is still going. Do you vaguely remember the direction it was in? So maybe we go vague for a minute? So I pop my head out, Jaws-ing. And I point in the direction and have her keep following it. And I'm going to be like-- I'm going to follow their footsteps with my tremorsense. And as such, you don't have to make a",Stealth
Stealth,"re-stealth before I come back out so I don't bamf in the middle. Right. Okay, so you duck into a small alleyway. You guys are keeping out of view and waiting for the swarms of undead in the street, and as you come around the corner you immediately see about 12 or 13 zombies clattering past. As you're waiting for them to pass by, eventually they get quieter and quieter. You take a minute and you cast the spell Locate Object, and it's a much steeper angle now. You're getting much closer to it. So do you want to keep going? Yes. I want to re-stealth and move until I'm directly over it.",Stealth
Investigation,"No, she just breathed. She stress exhaled. My hand, and it made a farting noise, sorry. You're fine. You get about another 85, 100 or so feet, and it's nearly directly below you. You're about halfway between the edge of the wall and where Entropis, the tower, is. Okay. I'm going to tap my foot on the ground and point directly down to you, Keyleth. Directly down. Doing this as I go. Okay. So you swim down. Yeah, swimming down. Okay, and you're feeling through earth. Make",Athletics
Investigation,"leave at a moment's notice. Or we should maybe leave right now. No, we wait a little bit. I think that they can get back. And then what? Then we all have to leave. I go deeper. Okay. So you dive into the liquid? Not into the liquid! Just through the stone, going deeper. Okay. You coast along the outside and you can sense that you're traveling on the outskirts of this descending tunnel where the acidic liquid is encased, and eventually it rounds out. I do another sword check.",Perception
Perception,"the somewhat wet, grassy ground of the swamp where you-- You said the pools where you first emerged last time? Yeah, where the water elemental is. Yeah. Where the nymph was. You guys all land in these pools. Looking around, you can see the darkened wood over you. The sound of crickets and nearby insects fill the air, and for the first time in a long time, though your blood pumping would not tell you, a stillness and a peace in the vicinity around you. Oh god, we should turn off our cell phones more often. This feels really good. Oh god. Really cool.",Perception
Perception,"you-- You said the pools where you first emerged last time? Yeah, where the water elemental is. Yeah. Where the nymph was. You guys all land in these pools. Looking around, you can see the darkened wood over you. The sound of crickets and nearby insects fill the air, and for the first time in a long time, though your blood pumping would not tell you, a stillness and a peace in the vicinity around you. Oh god, we should turn off our cell phones more often. This feels really good. Oh god. Really cool. Immediate perception check around us.",Perception
Deception,"You have no idea who he is. Nope, no idea. None, nope. I have no idea. You've had access, but you were blocked? ""Things rearrange every eon or so, and the ley lines that guide the paths shift, and I ""haven't been able to get back since."" That seems most unfortunate. You're not going to become addicted to strangling people because you've tried it on him. ""I don't know. I haven't tried it."" How long does he have to be dead in your hands before you decide that it's worked? Can I tell if he's lying?",Insight
Insight,"Nope, no idea. None, nope. I have no idea. You've had access, but you were blocked? ""Things rearrange every eon or so, and the ley lines that guide the paths shift, and I ""haven't been able to get back since."" That seems most unfortunate. You're not going to become addicted to strangling people because you've tried it on him. ""I don't know. I haven't tried it."" How long does he have to be dead in your hands before you decide that it's worked? Can I tell if he's lying? Sure, make a deception check. Sorry, an",Insight
Perception,"the three large towers that sits in the courtyard of this fortress. The tower of Warchief Barfta is currently in flames, his chamber being burned as the thatch and mud that comprises its exterior are beginning to burn. You can see now everyone's mobilizing around you, grabbing weapons as a series of arrows come arcing in from over one of the walls. Three or four nearby uruk go (dying sounds) and fall to the ground, dead immediately. I take a helmet off one and put it in my bag. All right, what are you guys doing? I take out a crossbow, do I see any intruders?",Perception
Perception,"this tower. You see numerous ruined bodies of uruk, like the one that you saw guarding the stairway on the way up, are now littering the floor, near that opening in the window. And there in the center you see Warchief Barfta, muscles swollen in rage. He kneels amidst these bodies, repeatedly slamming his fist into the face of a still-living would-be assassin, who's now on the ground just being clutched by the throat (roars). He's just like gone feral in his face at this point. Does he look like he's in trouble? Does he look hurt? Injured? On fire?",Investigation
Athletics,"look hurt? Injured? On fire? Make a perception check. I'm very perceptive. 15. Glancing in, you can see he looks wounded on one arm, one arm looks like it has a few gashes, but for the most part seems to be not too worse for wear. As soon as the door bashes in, he's like growling at this one uruk on the ground who's partially broken with one eye swollen shut. Glances over, looks in your direction, ""What're you doing? Get in and help!"" Okay, I try to break through the rest of the door.",Investigation
Persuasion,"up at you, eyes wide from the pressure. (coughing) Can you answer some questions for us, please? Why are you being so polite? Oh, no. I scream in his face. Somebody ask him questions. I'll walk over, I'll get real close to him. Hello friend, my name is Mozuu the Chosen. I've heard the voice of Sauron. He told me the strong take what they want. You see all this around here? That could be part of yours if you're strong enough. You tell us why, why you'd do this, and riches await you.",Persuasion
Investigation,"Captains! ""Now hurry! Before the tracks go cold! Go!"" Again, you asked me to count blades, and yet now-- ""Count them quickly! I don't care!"" It's a figure of speech, Mozuu. I'll say there's more than a hundred. We're going. We will bring you glory and we will bring you his head. ""Good. Hundred swords. Heh."" Can I run across the room to the hole that was blown in the other side of the room, check for clues or how they did it, or if there's any trace of who came in?",Perception
Perception,"""Now hurry! Before the tracks go cold! Go!"" Again, you asked me to count blades, and yet now-- ""Count them quickly! I don't care!"" It's a figure of speech, Mozuu. I'll say there's more than a hundred. We're going. We will bring you glory and we will bring you his head. ""Good. Hundred swords. Heh."" Can I run across the room to the hole that was blown in the other side of the room, check for clues or how they did it, or if there's any trace of who came in? Make an investigation check in the vicinity,",Perception
Perception,"Okay! Looking through the hole that is blasted into the side of this wall, there is a number of crumpled uruk, you see there are two assassins on the ground, both with ruined forms, seemingly the explosion that they brought here also blew them apart. The style you can appreciate. But you do see they have-- somehow through this explosion, three small encased leather-bound orbs that survived the detonation. You take and sniff it, it's a very familiar smell of powder. Explodey powder? Can I pocket those three? You do indeed. Yeah. Oh, that's cool.",Perception
Perception,"Do you have like fancy pins or something we could wear? Or the Orc Four! The Orc Four! The Forcs! The Forcs! The Forcs! ""No. All right, Forcs it is!"" (cheering) ""You! Are the Barfta Forcs!"" Can we get little patches that say ""Get Forc-ed""? Oh, you should, you should just carve it in because you're a Scar-Artist! Yeah, hold on, just one minute! While you do that, I'm going to go count some blades from this window.",Perception
Perception,"I'm to interpret the eyes? Exactly. That what makes us a team! That's what makes us the Forcs, apparently. The Forcs! So I want you to make a dexterity check. (laughs) That was good. Oh, that's a million. 22. 22. You, of all the scars you've carved across the group, you saved the best for Mozuu. Even though it's a bumpy ride on the back of an olog, it's a beautiful display on this helmet. It's got mosaic work, filigree! It's really nice. You're really proud of it, and also roll a",Perception
Stealth,"them that are side by side that are emerging on the opposite side within range, so you could probably hit them both. So I need you to go ahead and roll-- actually, no, it's a dexterity saving throw on their point. Okay, so strangely enough, they both succeed. An 18 and a 20. You throw it, and they're so fast as they dart past. They're small and they're wiry and they're lively, and as soon as you throw and lob it, the both just separate and it splashes harmlessly on the ground below them. You see the acid burn up. No effect, unfortunately. Can I use my bonus action to nimble escape, and I want to jump off your shoulders and hide. Sure, yeah. So we'll say you dart off, and",Stealth
Athletics,"While this is happening, Mozuu, it's your turn. There are two in the distance? There are two more. There's one that got up on the ground that's in front of Eden, there's one that's rushing in, and there's one that's on top of Eden's shoulders right now. I'll go for the one that's on top of Eden's shoulders. I want to pull him off and bite, and try and rip his throat out? Okay. Wow. Said so casually! ""I would like to bite and--"" As you rush up to the side to grab it, make",Athletics
Athletics,"of reach, so you start spinning to try to get a better reach, but he's attached to you, so he spins, too. You end up going in circles for the rest of your round, chasing your tail. Eden! I thought I was supposed to run, but I can't run! Why? There's ghouls! Mozuu, you're up. It worked once. I'm going to grab him and try to rip his throat out. Okay. Now you have a taste of ghoul in your mouth. You rush over to Arburuk. Make a grapple check. Grapple is plus what?",Athletics
Stealth,"Fail. All of you take 2d8 thunder damage, and you're pushed ten feet away. Roll, Travis. Roll 2d8. 13. You asshole. I mean, you glob! Both of you guys take 13 points of thunder damage and are blown ten feet back as this small rolling ball explodes in a concussive blast. Both of the ghouls get scattered into nothing. The sound of the explosion echoes throughout the mountains, and both of you guys get pushed back ten feet, almost landing on the ground. Can I bonus action my nimble escape? To hide?",Stealth
Perception,"have. Fair enough. All right, so that brings us to Eden. I'm 80 feet away, and my darkvision can't see that far, so all I heard was an explosion in the As the only surviving member of the Forcs, I will say a word to thank the great dark lord for choosing me to carry on the mantle of this mission. And I will keep running as fast as I can away. Okay. You bolt away. This poor little ghoul has no sight of you. As that ends your turn, it is now the ghoul's turn. It's like, (panting). It's lost and doesn't see you. It's going to make a",Perception
Perception,"emerge from the side, and they're between you and your allies as you're pressed against the mound. (screams) I take off running, too. You go running past one of them. It does get an attack of opportunity on you as you emerge. That's going to hit. That's a 17 plus five. Uncanny dodge! Okay, so that's five points of slashing damage, which you take half of, so that's two. But you go running past? Double charge? Okay. As you guys are running, they're pretty quick, and they're keeping pace with you. They can't quite catch up to you, but they're following. As you're rushing, since you're the furthest behind, make a",Acrobatics
Nature,"Hi. How'd it go? We killed them. All of them. Every last one of them. She killed five of them. I did. Is that how many I killed? Yep. I'm sorry I left, but when he made me leaver-- Leader. Leader? Oh. I thought he said ""leaver."" Made me leaver? All right, shall we continue eastward? Okay. Which way is that? Do I know which way is east?",Nature
Nature,"of them. She killed five of them. I did. Is that how many I killed? Yep. I'm sorry I left, but when he made me leaver-- Leader. Leader? Oh. I thought he said ""leaver."" Made me leaver? All right, shall we continue eastward? Okay. Which way is that? Do I know which way is east? Make a nature check, since you guys are a little scattered, at this point.",Nature
Perception,"Okay. Which way is that? Do I know which way is east? Make a nature check, since you guys are a little scattered, at this point. Nature check. Natural 20. That doesn't help with directions. You do that for a moment and realize that doesn't help. However, you glance over and see the orange glow of the top of Mount Doom, and that Ah! That is east. That is east. As you begin to move in that direction, I'll let you-- since you're leading this charge again,",Nature
Nature,"Which way is that? Do I know which way is east? Make a nature check, since you guys are a little scattered, at this point. Nature check. Natural 20. That doesn't help with directions. You do that for a moment and realize that doesn't help. However, you glance over and see the orange glow of the top of Mount Doom, and that Ah! That is east. That is east. As you begin to move in that direction, I'll let you-- since you're leading this charge again, with the helmet, make a perception check with",Nature
Performance,"Oh no. We're dumb. The minute you hear the (cracking) sound, you hear this faint (grunt) sound over the cliff. As you glance over, you see the one with the torch is now like-- How far away is he? About 25 feet from you, 30 feet, down below. Crossbow him! (hooting) He's now walking toward one of them to start-- I'm trying to sound like an owl in the night. Hoo-hoo!",Perception
Stealth,"What'd you roll? Oh, I rolled a three. Minus two. (laughing) So it's a (gurgling). (hooting and gurgling) Wait, harmony. (harmonizing) Hoo! Little pitchy. The uruk keeping guard immediately goes, ""What the shrak?"" Goes and starts shaking one of them awake. Oh no! Hit him before he does that! I take the crossbow and I try to put it right in the back, where his head meets his neck. Okay. He doesn't currently see you,",Perception
Acrobatics,"olog-hai physical self able to withstand such paltry blows. You're called Unstoppable for a reason. That's right. Unbreakable. That's me. All right, so. That ends the orc's turn there, the one you crushed there, the one that's sleeping. Yeah, they don't get a saving throw until they get hit or the spell ends. Fun. All right. There's a third orc right now that's backing away. Hands up, full belly shown, like (heavy breathing). Kill the weak one! ""No, no no!"" Eden, your turn. I will jump on the weak one.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"The one sleeping now has this section of hand that slopped onto its head. Pulls it in, cuddles with the disembodied orc arm. Sucks the thumb. Sucking somebody else's thumb! That's so gross! How do I get down? I'm tiny! Here! I'll catch you! We'll catch you, just come down. Oh, wait! I have a blanket. Let's spread it out and we'll hold it, and you can jump down on the blanket. Don't let me fall! No, of course not! Right as he jumps, I let go and start picking my nose.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"that's on the ground, clutching and sucking on the thumb of the disembodied uruk arm goes, (sniffing and grunting) (confused noises) (cry of alarm). Grab him! We're not to kill him? No! Question him! We will question him, and we will question him in the patented way we always question individuals, when we all speak as one! As one! Don't bite his throat. Right. You, strong people, grapple him! I will grapple him!",Athletics
Athletics,"I will grapple him! Make an athletics check. Not good. Nine. Natural 19. As you go to grab, he goes (yelling), pulls away. You can attempt to make another, if you want. You get two attacks. You can make one per attack. That's right. This one is, it's an athletics check? 13. 13. Yeah, no, he's like, (grunting), pushes away from you twice. This slimy little orc is now freaked out. I start grabbing at him like it's a piece of paper blowing in the wind.",Athletics
Intimidation,"grasp and it's crawling on the ground. 25! 25. Okay, yeah, that'll do it. It slips past each one, crawling on the ground, (heavy breathing) (clunk) ""Ugh!"" You get the ankle and you pull it back in. Slides onto his back and is like, (panicked yelling) underneath this giant olog body, covered in armor, that's towering over it. Looking up at you, Arby, like-- We're going to ask you some questions. All together, right? One, two-- --Three. Who do you serve? We are the Forcs! Who do you serve? Not meaning food! Because we are the Forcs!",Intimidation
Insight,"All right, I walk over to Mozuu and slap him as hard as I can across the face. How many hit points do I lose? What's your strength modifier? Five. Your strength modifier is five? You take six points of bludgeoning damage to the face, as your jaw actually disconnects from one side and (cracking sound). You are huge. Oh my gosh. (indistinct) I can't understand you. Is that what the mark looks like? ""Yeah.""",Insight
Deception,"I've got an idea. What if we untie him and he brings us in as new recruits to Ur-Gram? And then what? We'll get an audience with him and we cut his head off! And then we bring it back. ""I can hear you!"" No, we're not going to cut your head off! ""Oh, oh!"" No, no, the Man-eater. The Face-eater. ""I could do that! I could help you in."" And we'll cut you in on the spoils. Good idea! We're going to get a lot of money for this mission, and we'll give you one half.",Persuasion
Medicine,"""I could do that! I could help you in."" And we'll cut you in on the spoils. Good idea! We're going to get a lot of money for this mission, and we'll give you one half. Make a deception check. That's me, man! I actually have deception for once! 15! He's like, ""That's very generous. So then, to Ur-Gram? Come on."" To Ur-Gram! May I fix my jaw? Oh, I can fix it! I'm a medic. Thank you.",Medicine
Perception,"Sorry. Remember, you're bringing us in because we're new recruits. You're here to see Ur-Gram. No questions. Ferocious warriors, we are. The moment you betray us, we will kill you. ""Right."" Painfully. And that's it. ""Okay, good to know. Follow me!"" Begins to carefully dart around. You guys progress for about 20 or so minutes before you reach the very base of this mountain. It's now evened out and you're in this valley, where this small fortress is. The",Perception
Stealth,"you, at the moment. Are there trees around us? No trees. You're in Mordor right now. Yep, just thought I'd ask. You know, some ashen trees? I mean, there are jagged rocks. Part of the terrain itself is a series of broken shale and large rock faces that jut out of the ground from seismic activity. Should we hide behind rocks? It's caragors. You hear caragors? Yeah, like real big-sounding ones. Prepare to fight! And I hide.",Stealth
Stealth,"caragors. You hear caragors? Yeah, like real big-sounding ones. Prepare to fight! And I hide. Okay, make a stealth check. Hide? No, we should sneak past them! That's true, we should. 16. Okay. So you watch as Skak disappears behind a rock. What are you guys doing? I also try to duck behind a rock. Are we going to sit here? I'm going to duck behind a rock and wait for one to show its face around a rock, and then I'm going to hit it with my maul.",Stealth
Stealth,"I'm going to hit it with my maul. Okay, make a stealth check with disadvantage. Why don't we try to go past them?! Seven. Okay. You watch as Arby nods, follows suit, right behind where Skak is. The rock's almost the size of Arby, so you see this outline of Arby clutching this rock and trying to act quiet as the armor (clanking). Look and see if we can make it past them! You, stick your head out. All right, I will stealthily see if I can see any caragors. Move out, look around.",Stealth
Athletics,"do? Thunderous Smite. All right, so you pull forth your war pick, and you're going to go ahead and strike which one? The one that was closest to Arby. Okay. Or I should go for the other one? It's a little high for you right now. Because of her size, she can barely reach it. You'd have to try and make your way up either Arby, or climb part of the cliff side. Up to you. Do you mind if I climb you? Not a bit. I'm going to climb.",Athletics
Perception,"no longer moving. Oh, are you okay, Mozuu? Yes. Mozuu? I am a talking caragor! I walk over and try to push the caragor. Since you're not in immediate danger, it takes you a minute or so. You all manage to push this giant caragor corpse off of Mozuu's body. You're sore, you're crushed, you're sweaty and covered in blood, but you're now standing. See! That wasn't so bad! Is our prisoner still around, or did he run away?",Perception
Athletics,"sprinting away. I could catch him! Can you? I can! Let's take off after him. I'm going to sprint after him using Step of the Wind. You're going to use another ki point. With your speed and double dash, as he's sprinting. (heavy panting) About a minute later or so, you catch up right behind him and he's within grasp of you. He hasn't noticed you, he's just eyes on the prize right towards the fortress. I grab the top of his skull.",Athletics
Perception,"olog mitts. Can't run from the Forcs! ""I was running from the caragors! Self-preservation, mate!"" That makes sense. All right, we'll wait here for the others and then we follow this plan. ""Yes!"" You're on our side. ""Of course!"" I trust you implicitly. ""Don't worry!"" I don't worry about anything. Can we see if he's killing him or having a chat?",Perception
Intimidation,"""Just Borg."" Borg, I thought I had lost you. I don't know I'm sorry and it will never happen again. You guys approach as Eden is cradling this freshly bandaged goblin. Did we kill him? Oh, you fixed him up? Why did you do that?! He's our ticket in! Oh! I think you can still trust us, all right? ""Okay."" Or you can take that as a sign of things to come if you do it again!",Intimidation
Perception,"I have a crowbar. You have a bagpipe? I like to play music sometimes, that's all. I think we're good, let's just get on with it. All right. So as you guys slowly begin to encroach upon the outer elements of this fortress, the points of torchlight burning in these braziers along the top side of it, you can see guards walking back and forth along the edges, shortbows at the side, nocked and ready in case any sign of danger happens. You can see a front-- actually, for you guys that are closest, go ahead and make a",Perception
Stealth,"Yeah, it does. Shrak yeah! Okay, do we send him first? No, because if he gets in, he runs away. I'm just saying. Yeah, we'll go first. Right? Which one of us? Who's the most beaten up? Who's been through absolute hell? You. There's two things I know. I'm going first-- And that's it. I'm going first. Go through that shrak hole! All right. So I want you guys to all make",Investigation
Stealth,"first-- And that's it. I'm going first. Go through that shrak hole! All right. So I want you guys to all make stealth checks to make your way around that hole without being seen. We're stealthing? Yes, and that's disadvantage for you, Arby, unfortunately. Because you have heavy armor on. (high-pitched) Oh man! But I rolled so well on that first one! (high-pitched) Well, roll a second time! So the roll plus dexterity?",Stealth
Deception,"Bonk! Say something! You look up and there's three archers that all have their bows notched on you, going, ""What ""the hell are you--"" Brick, say something! ""Oh. We're gathering for the alchemist. Getting some more prime shrak for his boomy balls! ""Yeah!"" He's going to attempt to make a deception-- oh, not bad, actually. Let's see if they-- rolling against myself here. ""All right. Who are them?"" We're the Forcs! ""What's the Forcs?"" It's what you eat with! We work for Ur-Gram!",Perception
Investigation,"doubles my jump distance. Distance, does that mean height? Well, yeah. But horizontal distance-- we'll say height for this. What's your strength modifier? Four-- one. My strength modifier is one. Right. It doubles it, so you get (grunts). I'll say you barely-- because of your height. Because you are an olog, you barely get your fingers up on the top. Go ahead and make a strength saving throw to try and pull yourself up. Okay. (scoffs) Nine. You drop back down. It's just too high. Are there any rocks around?",Athletics
Investigation,"around and try to fire back at you. The other one that's running past is going to go ahead and pull out a torch and try to light it. All right, so that ends your turn. They're going to go. One is going to take another shot at you. There we go! That is a 24 to hit. Do we all get-- I did not make an action. Oh shit! That's right, you didn't. So you go. Shrak hole. Shrak hole. You go in? Yes, I'm going in. Okay. So you go ahead and make a-- as you",Investigation
Acrobatics,"Are we going into the shrak hole? I'm going into the shrak hole! How big is the shrak hole? Can all of us fit in there? Well, as you dive in, it pushes you out the other side. You get shoved out, plopped out, covered in shrak. And you look around, immediately you can see, as you wipe your eyes off the shrak, everybody is now starting to look around at the signal and begin to grab their weapons and start preparing for an incursion. You dive into it. You get halfway in-- this is a very small space underneath and you're a very large olog. I'm going to need you to make either an athletics",Acrobatics
Deception,"there but they're all keeping at bay. You watch as a hand comes up behind the crowd and goes, ""Hold!"" Everyone was like-- they are ready to tear at you but they begin to part at the center and you watch with heavy steps as an olog-hai approaches with a giant, mutated underbite with tusks that reach up past the nostril. The eyes peek through from heavily scarred muscle tissue where a face once existed, but has since been torn and not healed very well over. You see, clutching a giant greataxe in its grasp, what you assume to be Ur-Gram the Face-Eater, who's approached and goes, ""Who? Who enters my home?"" The Bright Lord called to us.",Deception
Athletics,"All righty. 18. Oh wow. You are dead even with the tark. 16 for me. Okay. All right, so top of the round. Arby. As you go charging forward right as the hand reaches to grab the side of Mozuu's face, what are you going to do? I'm going to-- Make a shove attack or try and push him out of the way? I was trying to push him off of Mozuu. Okay then. Making a shove attack for your first strike. I believe I need you to make an",Athletics
Persuasion,"inevitability. I'm a boss fight, pig-skin! (laughter) All right. So that's going to go ahead and end their turn. Skak, you're up. I serve the Bright Master! Can I hold my attack and ask for one of the large uruks or uruk-hais to pick me up and throw me above the wall so I can take a crossbow shot at fleeing Eden? Sure, you glance off to the side and one of the ologs who's off to the side there, has chains around the chest, you can see maybe it was more of the physical-handy ologs as opposed to warrior.",Persuasion
Acrobatics,"I serve the Bright Master! Can I hold my attack and ask for one of the large uruks or uruk-hais to pick me up and throw me above the wall so I can take a crossbow shot at fleeing Eden? Sure, you glance off to the side and one of the ologs who's off to the side there, has chains around the chest, you can see maybe it was more of the physical-handy ologs as opposed to warrior. Looks at you with a nod. Make a persuasion check. We all must serve, answer the call! Yeah, that's going to be a 19. 19! The olog picks you up and gives you an alley-oop into the air. Yeah, easily",Persuasion
Stealth,"arrows slam into your armor  you can feel the plates break and crumble. These are not normal arrows, not with the strength that they're being tossed at you. That's going to end the gravewalker's turn. Skak, you're up. You can see Eden running back. Yeah. Crossbow. You want to try and hide first? Oh! Does it up my-- if I'm from a hidden position? Well, if you can manage to hide and move and he's not aware of where you are? I'll allow it. I will use my bonus action to try and hide.",Stealth
Perception,"arrows, not with the strength that they're being tossed at you. That's going to end the gravewalker's turn. Skak, you're up. You can see Eden running back. Yeah. Crossbow. You want to try and hide first? Oh! Does it up my-- if I'm from a hidden position? Well, if you can manage to hide and move and he's not aware of where you are? I'll allow it. I will use my bonus action to try and hide. Okay. So make a stealth check. 27.",Stealth
Athletics,"I rolled 17. What?! It's 1d10 plus nine. So I rolled an eight. What happens? So as he's running, and just catches it. It's not fair. It's not fair! I can only do that once a day! All right. Ending Skak's turn. Mozuu, you're up. Sorry. Yeah, you're real sorry. Chosen. I leap at Arb-Uruk and attempt to rip her throat out.",Athletics
Athletics,"What?! It's 1d10 plus nine. So I rolled an eight. What happens? So as he's running, and just catches it. It's not fair. It's not fair! I can only do that once a day! All right. Ending Skak's turn. Mozuu, you're up. Sorry. Yeah, you're real sorry. Chosen. I leap at Arb-Uruk and attempt to rip her throat out. All right. Make an athletics check against",Athletics
Athletics,"damage. Six more points of bludgeoning damage. And you have your bonus action still, if you want to. Oh! One more hit. This is an open-handed hit, right? I believe so, yeah. No good. That's a 13 to hit. 13. The third and final hit, you manage to deflect it with your with your arm. It makes no impact there. Ending Eden's turn. Up to you and the gravewalker. Can I grab a hold of Mozuu and rip him off me and then hit the gravewalker with him? Sure! Go for it!",Athletics
Athletics,"Six more points of bludgeoning damage. And you have your bonus action still, if you want to. Oh! One more hit. This is an open-handed hit, right? I believe so, yeah. No good. That's a 13 to hit. 13. The third and final hit, you manage to deflect it with your with your arm. It makes no impact there. Ending Eden's turn. Up to you and the gravewalker. Can I grab a hold of Mozuu and rip him off me and then hit the gravewalker with him? Sure! Go for it! So make an athletics check and you make an",Athletics
Perception,"down from the wall? No, crossbow. Is he within melee of anybody for sneak attack? Actually, yeah. He would have been in melee with her, which means he's right next to Talion. So, yeah. All right. Crossbow right at him. I don't think I have another resistance to this this time, I mean, is it cycled through again? It would be because you've gone since last time. With my bonus, can I try and hide? You may. That's 26.",Stealth
Stealth,"your feet, the darkness subsides, the color subsides, and you all feel immediately queasy, falling to your knees. As you glance around you, you can see you stand in the rubble, the exterior of a building that has fallen long ago. You see large chunks of the secondary floor fallen inward and dust (poof) around you as your knees hit. You look up and can see the familiar green-blue crackle of the barrier above you. You've managed to make it on the interior of Thar Amphala. You look up to see, immediately, clusters of gloomstalkers in the distance. They haven't quite gotten a view on you. In the building, now!",Stealth
Athletics,"I cover tiny Scanlan's eyes. Welcome to the game, Joe! This is what we do. Yeah, what were you trying to do? I hope you have a healing potion. Nope. That's 51 points of damage. You have 46 and four? It's 50 points of damage. Marking that down. You see two daggers into the side of the gloomstalker. It gives this horrible shrieking shout in pain and rears up. Now that it's distracted, does that give me some sort of advantage? I will say, given the pain it's had, make an",Athletics
Perception,"So the gloomstalkers, they have no discernible pupil  it's a glowing beacon of yellow-white where each eye is. And you watch as this dragonborn opens its eyes, it's headbutted against it, and the dragonborn's eyes now match the coloration of the gloomstalker. I climb up onto its back. Okay. It's still bound by the rope. But you get up onto it now. You watch as this massive dragonborn gets up onto the gloomstalker, which is now currently on the ground, trying to right itself now, still wrapped in the rope. You can release the rope now. Does it look like anybody's noticed us?",Athletics
Stealth,"where it is and then step inside with them? Can I take it with me? If you want to. I'd like to take it with me. As you guys all dart inside this alcove in the building-- Like, most of the roof is gone  there's a section of roof that's there. It can hide most of you. The gloomstalker's a bit large, as you all cluster into the space, as it looms in. (heavy footsteps) This is the second time you've had an allied gloomstalker this close, and it's a very upsetting proximity. Uncomfortable elevator at a convention. Kind of. As you guys pull into the side, I'd",Stealth
Stealth,"If you want to. I'd like to take it with me. As you guys all dart inside this alcove in the building-- Like, most of the roof is gone  there's a section of roof that's there. It can hide most of you. The gloomstalker's a bit large, as you all cluster into the space, as it looms in. (heavy footsteps) This is the second time you've had an allied gloomstalker this close, and it's a very upsetting proximity. Uncomfortable elevator at a convention. Kind of. As you guys pull into the side, I'd like you all to make a stealth check, please. Why did you wear wings?",Stealth
Religion,"was led by a Death Knight. And a sorcerous woman. Lady Briarwood. Sylas? And then Vecna followed. And we were ambushed. My companions and I were marked for death. They were all destroyed. And I watched that Death Knight burn the closest thing I've ever had to a brother. And he cut the still-beating heart out of our goliath. And then these buzzards came to pick my bones, thinking I was dead. But I wouldn't die. The queen had another plan for me. The queen? What kind of queen? I hold up my shield.",Religion
Perception,"She knows? And the Death Knight. And if they've been watching, he just vanished. We should run now. But they thought I was dead. They left me for dead. So they don't necessarily know you're in the city. I think they'd be surprised to see me. Okay. All right, cool. Let's move. Okay, stealthily, let's try to make it to the outer wall so that we can cut out some of these crystals.",Insight
Stealth,"them (bursting), and they spread out. Are we close to one of those pulses? You can maneuver there. It's not directly behind you, but you can eventually get to that location, yeah. Okay. I see where one of the crystals is  let's move towards that. We'll get Grog to smash it to smithereens. I smash (stumbling) mitheens. You do. To mitheens. (drawn out) Mitheens. You're so good at punching walls. All right. I would like you all to make a",Stealth
Stealth,"you taking the gloomstalker? I'm on top of the gloomstalker. Is it walking? Yeah. It's walking right now? It's currently walking, unless you want to hover with it. You got to stay within 60 feet of us? 30 feet? 60 feet. I'd like to hover. As you guys are staying lowkey, Arkhan is currently riding against the back of this gloomstalker as it's hovering in the air above. And",Stealth
Stealth,"60 feet. I'd like to hover. As you guys are staying lowkey, Arkhan is currently riding against the back of this gloomstalker as it's hovering in the air above. And the stealth check you're going to be rolling is going to be to see whether or not anything notices you on the back of a gloomstalker. The gloomstalker is not going to register on the radar of any of the current watching creatures, because it's part of its posse for the moment. So is this with disadvantage for plate armor, or not? I would say no, because it isn't a",Stealth
Perception,"thing to this doorway. Okay, we can get ready to run there. However, we're staying within 60 feet of you while you're punching. Arkhan's going to stay, just in case it needs, like, a double-- A double punch. Yeah. You know. It's probably more than 20 feet, actually  it's probably like 30, 40 feet. 30 feet away? Yeah. How many gloomstalker riders are in the sky above?",Perception
Perception,"as the city is at a slight angle forward, the way it's placed on the front of the titan, and you look down and see, immediately around, the familiar sight of the Vasper Timberlands that surround the exterior of Vasselheim. And there ahead, not more than maybe a few miles off, you can assume from this distance, you see the singular mountain pillar that Vasselheim is built around, and the outer wall in sight. I don't know. Do we keep going? Do we try to get down some more? Alderaan is in sight! We're coming around that planet. We're going to run.",Stealth
Stealth,"We're all in the same enclosed space? Ring. There's a tower-like structure, and then there's that building that was reinforced to be a-- If he spots us, we scatter and spread, but. We are not going to scatter and spread. We're going to stay together no matter what. We're going to stay within 60 feet of each other. There is no scattering. Within 60 feet of us. It's super important! If you all are rushing into this building,",Stealth
Stealth,"Ring. There's a tower-like structure, and then there's that building that was reinforced to be a-- If he spots us, we scatter and spread, but. We are not going to scatter and spread. We're going to stay together no matter what. We're going to stay within 60 feet of each other. There is no scattering. Within 60 feet of us. It's super important! If you all are rushing into this building, everyone make a stealth check, please.",Stealth
Stealth,"everyone make a stealth check, please. Is this a hovering stealth check? If you want to still stay out in the open, that is up to you. They're all darting into a building, so the choice is yours. You can stay with your beast. But he's one of them. So I can kind of leave him outside somewhat. He is. You're on top of him. Yeah, I am. So. Do you want to try and blend into his form? I'd love to. I think that's what I want to do.",Stealth
Athletics,"Yeah, I am. So. Do you want to try and blend into his form? I'd love to. I think that's what I want to do. Okay. Then make a stealth check. If you're within 30 feet of me, you still get plus ten. You would not be within 30 feet of her once she enters the building. So. Can you do the cool John Wayne thing, and go underneath of him, and hang on his belly from the saddle? Yeah. That's what I'm trying to do.",Athletics
Stealth,"Yeah. That's what I'm trying to do. Make an athletics check. 28. As this happens, you immediately climb down to the underbelly of the gloomstalker. To maintain hold on it, because its physical form-- and it's interesting, now that you've been this close to it, and you've been wrestling it, you feel it's partially corporeal. There's something about its physicality that is almost gelatinous. Like it's made up of a combination of shadow and physical will. And as you clutch into it, your fingers dig and begin to seep into it, almost like a cluster of tar. But it holds you fast, and you're there",Athletics
Perception,"30. 19 and 30. Okay. No, 43. Okay. As you guys all dart into this building, you all quietly listen outside, as you maintain, hovering in place. The skeletal dragon (croaking) swoops down. As its wings catch itself, the wind billows through the space in the center here. You can see a bunch of the dust and pebbles and loose rubble that's been built up around here, and the wall that was left behind just gets kicked up, and spins a brief dust devil in the vicinity. The skeletal dragon there, still flying. Make a",Investigation
Perception,"the impact, but you feel this cold sensation across the wound that begins to spill across your body. You angrily, in your rage, flex against it and manage to withstand and shrug off the effect. That ends that. Next up is Keyleth and Scanlan Two. Hey. Hey, Scanlan Two. Are you just as charismatic as Scanlan One? I've got all the words to make the girls like me. Okay, I don't care. Okay, Keyleth is going to try to do a one-two punch here. She's going to move forward and then does she see Delilah?",Perception
Athletics,"here, in mid-air, I'm going to change into an earth elemental and try and grab onto the bone dragon and see if I can snap his neck in the process. Grapple the bone dragon's head. Okay. Entangle is an action? Yes, and then I'm running and jumping and grabbing for the rest of my movement. Do we need some more tape? Actually, I can finally use the layer over here. Do you want me to get the tape? All right, you leap over. That's the rest of your turn. After entangling her, you run, leap, and as the wind from the mantle picks up, you watch this",Athletics
Athletics,"just land in difficult terrain. He's not entangled, I don't think, because he wasn't there for the casting. Difficult terrain means he moves across at half. He's in difficult terrain. Okay. Good to know. I have rocky ground. That's all I have. All righty, so entangled... okay, yeah. Got it. Cool. That ends the legendary action. Grog, you're up. Can I jump to the top of the bannister here so I'm looking down at old tangled-up Delilah. (sighs) May I leap off the tower and straight onto Delilah's prone body?",Athletics
Athletics,"means he moves across at half. He's in difficult terrain. Okay. Good to know. I have rocky ground. That's all I have. All righty, so entangled... okay, yeah. Got it. Cool. That ends the legendary action. Grog, you're up. Can I jump to the top of the bannister here so I'm looking down at old tangled-up Delilah. (sighs) May I leap off the tower and straight onto Delilah's prone body? Sure. Make an athletics check. So romantic. Feet stomping her chest?",Athletics
Perception,"arrow bursts into a sudden swarming of bramble vines. They wrap around him and the bat (small impact). And does he take bludgeoning damage from hitting the ground? He does take a little bit. He's about 80 feet up from there, because he's going at an angle, so he takes 8d6 bludgeoning damage. Oh my God! That was the most sniper thing you've ever done! That was pretty awesome! And with that, you watch as the bat form (poof) dissipates. The brambles fall weak and open. Is he there?",Athletics
Perception,"impact). And does he take bludgeoning damage from hitting the ground? He does take a little bit. He's about 80 feet up from there, because he's going at an angle, so he takes 8d6 bludgeoning damage. Oh my God! That was the most sniper thing you've ever done! That was pretty awesome! And with that, you watch as the bat form (poof) dissipates. The brambles fall weak and open. Is he there? Make a perception check. Can I see him?",Perception
Investigation,"Vander. Turns from the stone. (wheezing) This is fucking dark. I'm really excited about the notion of a Delilah potted plant. It's my brother's character from our home group! You are now Michonne, from Walking Dead. You got two zombies. Bring them into the CRU, you got them! Zombie Vander, aw man. This is like, rattling whatever blackened heart my character has. Okay. All right, well, up we go, then, yeah? Let's do this. I'm going to look for traps, as we go.",Investigation
Religion,"I'll tie-break it. So short rest? Short rest. Okay. Vasselheim. To quote the leaders of Vasselheim, ""They have defended themselves through many forms of battle."" That vampire's going to be up there, full strength. He's going to be back. He's going to be back full strength. He might not be back full strength yet! He'll be back something. He takes a while to rest up. It's 25 a minute, isn't it? It's super fast. He regenerates 25-- Well, there's a lot of",Religion
Religion,"Vasselheim. To quote the leaders of Vasselheim, ""They have defended themselves through many forms of battle."" That vampire's going to be up there, full strength. He's going to be back. He's going to be back full strength. He might not be back full strength yet! He'll be back something. He takes a while to rest up. It's 25 a minute, isn't it? It's super fast. He regenerates 25-- Well, there's a lot of things at work here. It depends. Roll a religion check. Natural one.",Religion
Religion,"That vampire's going to be up there, full strength. He's going to be back. He's going to be back full strength. He might not be back full strength yet! He'll be back something. He takes a while to rest up. It's 25 a minute, isn't it? It's super fast. He regenerates 25-- Well, there's a lot of things at work here. It depends. Roll a religion check. Natural one. I'll try a religion check. I'm a paladin with terrible religion skills. Blind faith.",Religion
Athletics,"the wall space to go sideways, so you'll have to go across the ceiling. Because I was inverted, bullshit. Top Gun? Thank you. As you climb the top and you pull, Arkhan, you tuck your feet up underneath. Treat me like your fucking dragons-- French girl, whatever. Paint me like one of your chromatic girls. You like volleyball, bro? Just thinking, if we make it out of here, we should play some beach volleyball some time. Hand wraps, get some aviators? It'd be totally cool.",Athletics
Athletics,"you tuck your feet up underneath. Treat me like your fucking dragons-- French girl, whatever. Paint me like one of your chromatic girls. You like volleyball, bro? Just thinking, if we make it out of here, we should play some beach volleyball some time. Hand wraps, get some aviators? It'd be totally cool. Could you both please make athletics checks for me? I'm still raging. Yeah, you've been raging this whole time. You're the most intense spotter right now.",Athletics
Investigation,"You can see, every now and then, one of the various vein-like cracks of energy that's holding the tower together. You can glance out and see, very obscured, movement in the distance. It's too fractured  too much diffraction. Continuing upward, you come to a second, or another, floor. About four minutes of climbing. This next half-chamber, you see dozens of sets of chains and manacles affixed to the walls, where tortured corpses are currently dangling from them, left in pieces. The scent is terrible. Decay is strong. I cast Divine Sense. Undead. No undead. Traps?",Investigation
Perception,"fractured  too much diffraction. Continuing upward, you come to a second, or another, floor. About four minutes of climbing. This next half-chamber, you see dozens of sets of chains and manacles affixed to the walls, where tortured corpses are currently dangling from them, left in pieces. The scent is terrible. Decay is strong. I cast Divine Sense. Undead. No undead. Traps? Go ahead and make an investigation check. 18. Okay. No traps in this chamber. Do we recognize any of the corpses?",Investigation
Stealth,"of it. You guys begin to climb up the next staircase? All right. You're beginning to spiral up the next length of it. You get about 80 or so feet up before-- are you leading this charge visibly? Actually, Delilah is. You're sending Delilah ahead of you? When we get up to the top. As you're coursing around the edge, the stairs stop into another chamber. The chamber levels off. Up so that we're seeing the edge of steps at the top? All right, I'm stealthing.",Perception
Investigation,"in the corners and some basic ancient decor. Standing, not noticing you're there, you see three figures in full dark armor. Similar to who you fought in the ziggurat, or the one who was guarding the tunnel that led up into Thar Amphala. They don't look like the big kahuna, they look like the underlings? The underlings. You see them in the same dark, horned armor. There's one that's humanoid sized and one that looks to be halfling size. Or two of them, halfling size. From my hidden position, I want to see if I see any traps in the room.",Investigation
Stealth,"to Vecna, he can't talk. I was hoping to save that, because that might be a thing where we can keep him from casting vocal spells. Can we stealth around them and not fight them at all? It's a small room. You and I can probably handle two, but that leaves a third. You see one staircase, one final staircase, that winds around the corner. Actually, you haven't seen it yet. There's no chance you could remove the stone from the middle of the floor and have them fall? That's what I was looking for. Can Keyleth take a peek and see what's up?",Investigation
Medicine,"enough to slip the helms off. To the left, it was less of a halfling and more of a younger girl. Jammed into the armor and a little taller than the other, you can see brown hair with a shock of white in it currently laying back, unmoving and bleeding out. The other one looks to be specifically gnomish, short brown hair and eyes wide on the ground. (high-pitched) Is that my girl? Is that my baby girl? I think it's an illusion. I'm hoping. I don't know. I feel this can't be real. It's my baby girl-- I'm going in. Can I stand over one of the",Medicine
Perception,"enough to slip the helms off. To the left, it was less of a halfling and more of a younger girl. Jammed into the armor and a little taller than the other, you can see brown hair with a shock of white in it currently laying back, unmoving and bleeding out. The other one looks to be specifically gnomish, short brown hair and eyes wide on the ground. (high-pitched) Is that my girl? Is that my baby girl? I think it's an illusion. I'm hoping. I don't know. I feel this can't be real. It's my baby girl-- I'm going in. Can I stand over one of the",Medicine
Medicine,"less of a halfling and more of a younger girl. Jammed into the armor and a little taller than the other, you can see brown hair with a shock of white in it currently laying back, unmoving and bleeding out. The other one looks to be specifically gnomish, short brown hair and eyes wide on the ground. (high-pitched) Is that my girl? Is that my baby girl? I think it's an illusion. I'm hoping. I don't know. I feel this can't be real. It's my baby girl-- I'm going in. Can I stand over one of the bodies and do a perception check? A medicine check?",Medicine
Insight,"These are big spells, aren't they? As you reach out and touch her chest, the brief moment of stillness leads as her eyes slowly blink back, and begins breathing again. This is some Seven shit right here. That is so fucked up! Shaun. Can you get them out of here? ""Yes, I--"" How did you get here? Is it really you? Do you remember anything, Shaun? Anything that can help us? ""I was in my workshop, and there was a flash of light. A doorway opened, and it pulled me ""through and--""",Insight
Insight,"brief moment of stillness leads as her eyes slowly blink back, and begins breathing again. This is some Seven shit right here. That is so fucked up! Shaun. Can you get them out of here? ""Yes, I--"" How did you get here? Is it really you? Do you remember anything, Shaun? Anything that can help us? ""I was in my workshop, and there was a flash of light. A doorway opened, and it pulled me ""through and--"" Can I roll an insight check and see if it's him?",Insight
Perception,"cry in pain as they're withered and torn as his arms shift downward to greet you. The gaping left socket is almost blinding with crackling power, arcs of arcane tethers crawling across his chest and face. His left hand, however, is whole. Seemingly recovered a part of his previous power. The hand of Vecna appears to have been reattached. The artifact now pulses with the same green energy that sparks from his voided socket. Across his long tattered red robes and his dark golden armor, his ribcage glows from within, sending beams of sickly green light out at each gap. And there, floating in the bones, the faint outline of a small humanoid form locked within. Make a",Perception
Athletics,"green tendrils of energy, the vein-like projections that have been clutching the tower together, are now extending out like tethers, grasping the bottom of each floating island that used to be the top of Entropis as they slowly shift, held in place, and rotate around, the storm still cycling around you. That's so crazy! They're like floating things? Yeah, they're floating, now held in place by these green tethers, and they're slowly shifting. Grog, you're up. Hasted, can I attempt to leap from this island to the one that Vax is currently on?",Athletics
Athletics,"the hammer you throw up, returns every single time. It's like you impact and then you have to pull it back each time. It takes more than an attack action. Yeah, so I'd say you attack, then you used your hasted action to pull it back and let's say you-- bonus action threw it in. So it's actually still in him. So it's currently embedded in him with the chain now taut at the maximum length. He's now 30 feet above you. 35 technically, but you're in large mode. I have some speed left. Can I run and jump across? I want to land over here.",Athletics
Athletics,"a natural three is not going to hit. Against Pike, an 18 is not going to hit. Against you, Vax, that doesn't hit. I think that's it. Does your armor, Pike, do anything against people that are attacking you with melee? They'd have to hit though. Yeah. That is going to finish the lair action. Scanlan Two is up. He's going to, if there's a path up-- He is currently clutching on the side of this. So he didn't have to worry about watching the whip drop. It's the rest of the tower. Is he in a place where he can climb, or no?",Athletics
Arcana,"Keyleth. 1d4 from Bless. Is this a spell? Yes. Do it. This could be-- Can I add my inspiration to that? You can. Saving throw, right? Yes, an intelligence saving throw. I have advantage because it's a spell, right? I have advantage against spell saves? This is true. He has to choose to Counter-- Scanlan One is going to Counterspell this. I don't recognize this spell?",Arcana
Sleight of Hand,"Goddamn it. He's probably looking at you, Scanlan. You have the book! We can't lose you! For real! Gulp. He's glaring at you. And with that, ""Come for a ride with me,"" (whooshing) and begins to rise up even higher into the air. Can I hold onto Bigby? I wish to let him leave while I hold onto Bigby. Okay. And get my attack of opportunity. (laughter) War Caster. Come on. Go for it. Come on.",Sleight of Hand
Athletics,"Okay. Still in our synchronised swimming stance, I fly up and-- So you fly up from this point. Got to pull you up a bit. I'm going to drop Grog onto Vecna and then do my own thing. Okay. So you fly up. Grog, what are you doing at this point? I'm going to use that held action to attack twice. Okay. You'll be falling if she drops you. No. My first attack is going to be a grapple and with the second attack, I'm going to shank him.",Athletics
Perception,"now. He does take 4d6. Thank you. 13 points of radiant damage. And I'm going to try to hit him again with sharpshooter. 28. I moved that. I'm going to roll it again, because I didn't see what it was. 29 minus five is 24 to hit? Okay. That's cocked. Shout out to John Castle for winning the dead pool backstage. He guessed Scanlan Two correctly. Question for the DM: Before, when I was watching him shove the Pelor trammel in, did it look like it took a lot of muscle, specifically, to get it in there?",Athletics
Perception,"That brings us to Vax. Goddamn. I don't know what to do, man. I pull out the trammel. Do you have a free hand? Or a belt? Yeah, you've got a belt. Do I have a free hand? Your hand would be open. You had the sword out right now in the other hand. So no free hand. Can I use the hasted action to shove my trammel into his belt? Or into the bag of holding? Or anywhere? I'll let you do that as a hasted action. The Raven Queen's trammel. I did a",Perception
Athletics,"Grog. I'm going to see Arkhan. I'm going to see my friend Scanlan. And then I'm going to dig into Vecna's eye and stab away. Don't do too much damage! It's too late. What? It's not too late. Retcon that shit. You haven't rolled a thing. No? No. He just told us. I will use it to grapple. Okay. So make an acrobatics or athletics check. Should I reroll? Actually, for grapple, it may just be",Athletics
Athletics,"Vecna's eye and stab away. Don't do too much damage! It's too late. What? It's not too late. Retcon that shit. You haven't rolled a thing. No? No. He just told us. I will use it to grapple. Okay. So make an acrobatics or athletics check. Should I reroll? Actually, for grapple, it may just be athletics. Let me double-check here. Two rolls here, unused.",Athletics
Athletics,"here and fucking hug Vecna's face. All right. That brings us to the 20. The buildings shift back once more across the ground. These begin to rotate and spread outward this way. That one merely stays where it is. At this point in time, Arkhan? So we don't want to do any more damage? No. All right. I'm going to attempt to grapple his arm with that hand on it. Okay. That's good. That's a natural 19. What would I add? Proficiency plus strength? This would be, on a grapple? That's",Athletics
Athletics,"All right. That brings us to the 20. The buildings shift back once more across the ground. These begin to rotate and spread outward this way. That one merely stays where it is. At this point in time, Arkhan? So we don't want to do any more damage? No. All right. I'm going to attempt to grapple his arm with that hand on it. Okay. That's good. That's a natural 19. What would I add? Proficiency plus strength? This would be, on a grapple? That's athletics check.",Athletics
Athletics,"Spent your turn, yeah. Is there a way to pull him down? Not at this size and the fact that you're flying there  he's too big. All right. Then I'm going to hang. Just going to grapple. That brings us to Keyleth. What you got, girl? Can you grapple him? Grapple and pull him down. Okay. Yeah. I'll take the other side that Arkhan has not. Grab the other side of him and try and grapple him, leaving him open and available for Scanlan.",Athletics
Athletics,"to grapple. That brings us to Keyleth. What you got, girl? Can you grapple him? Grapple and pull him down. Okay. Yeah. I'll take the other side that Arkhan has not. Grab the other side of him and try and grapple him, leaving him open and available for Scanlan. Make an athletics check. You have no spells that don't do damage? Nothing that holds, nothing that silences? Nothing that feebles? Not as Keyleth? I'm a planetar. If I drop this, then I",Athletics
Perception,"Right. The girl stands up at the table and she's like, ""No! No, please! Not his eyes!"" I have four of these. Right, and she sees you standing there, ready to go, and she's like, ""No, please, please!"" You threaten me all the time! Yeah, but she doesn't have any weapons on her! Neither do I! Actually, do you want to see if she has any weapons? Oh, well I'm very perceptive, Grog. You know that. Oh, you are perceptive. Right. Roll a",Perception
Stealth,"Yeah, it's like, you know, a blue denim. Yeah. So you see at her side this spear that's laying up against the table. Yeah, yeah. I don't know how you missed it the first time. It's a fucking spear, right there. She stands up and she's like, ""No, no, please! No more eye-poking!"" Grog, Grog! I'm going to try to turn invisible, if that's all right. Can I just do that? I don't know. Can you just do that, or do you roll? I normally just do that. Okay. Go invisible. All right, I'm going to go invisible and I'm going to try to swipe the spear before she gets to it.",Perception
Perception,"her little bundle, and they start to make their way out of the tavern. I grab the spear. You do? Yes. They didn't take it, so I will take it now. It's my spear. That's terrible! They do seem suspicious. Can I read their lips on the way out? Are they talking? Can I read their lips? Sure. What are they saying? Roll a d20. Everybody seems to know what's going on. Am I adding anything to it?",Perception
Perception,"Yes, we would. You find it. Fuck, it's right there. Good job. Right, so you lift the latch in the floor and you go down. It's a very small room that has different salted meats and cheeses, and some bread and stuff like that. This cellar has better food than your mansion. We take it all. You take armfuls? After a little bit. I mean, do you want to see maybe what else is down there? Yeah, let's see what else is down there.",Investigation
Perception,"Yeah, I'll grab it. All right. So you hop onto your broom, kick up off the ground and grab the torch. You pull it out and off in the distance somewhere, you hear a scraping sound. Very faint, but you hear it. What strange intelligence would have gone through this hall and lit torches that were eight to ten feet off the ground? That's very particular. You have that special sense! Try to sense if there's any flagons around? Yeah, I'm going to try to sense if there's any flagons. Big ones, with wings.",Perception
Perception,"All right. So you hop onto your broom, kick up off the ground and grab the torch. You pull it out and off in the distance somewhere, you hear a scraping sound. Very faint, but you hear it. What strange intelligence would have gone through this hall and lit torches that were eight to ten feet off the ground? That's very particular. You have that special sense! Try to sense if there's any flagons around? Yeah, I'm going to try to sense if there's any flagons. Big ones, with wings. Roll a perception check.",Perception
Stealth,"Currently, Vex is the only one who's gotten to her feet and grabbed a torch. Are you all standing up, looking around? Just be quiet. I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us. So that we're quiet. Can I hide? Yeah. I can? I'm going to hide. Do your thingy, though. Yeah. Everybody please roll a stealth check. You don't have to clap or-- I've already cast it. I cast it already,",Stealth
Perception,"arrow. And your sight goes (zooming) and you see it fly approximately (counting) 25 feet and it just hits another wall made of stone in the cavern, very similar to the one you're in. It looks the exact same? Yeah, almost identical to this one. Jeez, Grog, you're inspired today. This is very impressive. Come on, even in this imaginary game, we're invincible heroes of justice. Let's just go look! Can we see forward? Can we see? Well, hold on. We know that I like to stick my dick into things, so why don't I creep ahead and see what is happening?",Perception
Perception,"Can we see forward? Can we see? Well, hold on. We know that I like to stick my dick into things, so why don't I creep ahead and see what is happening? Very smart. Make a perception check. Watch for traps! You don't want to explode, I don't know what Grog has set up for us. I'll roll this one with the book on it because I feel goodness from it. I got a 19 on that, plus perception. Oh my gosh, that's really good. 33 for perception. You open your eyes, and because you're staring at the wall like a nerd, you notice the mortar is very fine. Would anybody like to make a",Perception
Perception,"and see what is happening? Very smart. Make a perception check. Watch for traps! You don't want to explode, I don't know what Grog has set up for us. I'll roll this one with the book on it because I feel goodness from it. I got a 19 on that, plus perception. Oh my gosh, that's really good. 33 for perception. You open your eyes, and because you're staring at the wall like a nerd, you notice the mortar is very fine. Would anybody like to make a perception check besides Vax? I would like to look around the whole room.",Perception
Perception,"hatch, and it's solid iron, with rusted-- There's water dripping out of it. And you see there is a chute indeed. No light coming from it. It's bars? Bars, but it looks as if it goes straight up, and up, and up. Is it closed off? It is. It's closed very securely. Can I try to pull them? May I turn around from the wall first? You may, yes. There you go. Can I use some sort of perception or insight or one of these numbers to figure out if we are in a room shaped like a cock and balls?",Perception
Investigation,"So you are going up. Ooh, this is you! Can I pull on the bars to see if I can get out? Yeah, you pull on it, and, man, that shit is-- Roll a strength check. I'll give you a shot. Because I'm really strong, Grog. Nine. No, no. It doesn't even move. It doesn't even do the pothole thing. As soon as you step on it, it goes boop boop, I'm going to fall. But no, it's solid. Is there a lock to be seen? Not that you can tell. If you want to check and see if there's a latch to it. I want to look and see.",Investigation
Medicine,"You take 13 points of fucking dart damage. Is that a lot? Is that all you have? I assume not. I assume I'm okay. You look at the wound in his cheek, and the wound in his arm, chest area, they don't seem so bad, but the one in his butt is starting to swell a little bit. Kind of bruised and red. Yeah, you should definitely suck the poison out. I definitely should. Or I could use my paladin ability-- No, you should just suck it out. I pull down my pants.",Medicine
Acrobatics,"I like to evade stuff like this, can I use some sort of evasion? Unfortunately, no. Strength check? I knew this was what this game would be. I knew it. Yeah, a strength check? Oh gosh. I'm not very strong, Grog. Ooh! 22! That's enough, because Vax doesn't have very many muscles. So you pull him off the plate, and he's there, all of you are right there, ready to go again. What about Trinket? And Grog? All right. Yeah, hold on. Look, Grog makes it over, and then Trinket comes up. Roll a",Athletics
Perception,"acrobatics check for Trinket. Grog, I didn't see anything hit you, but I might better just suck poison out of your ass, just to be sure. You know what, save it for later. I'm going to say that's a 14 for Trinket. Ooh, yeah, so unfortunately-- Grog, save him as he falls! Sure. So he falls and I start to hear the grinding again and I pull him by his ear, and whoop, everybody's on the safe side of the trap. What would you like to do next? I would like to see if there are any more traps before we get to the tip.",Perception
Acrobatics,"But he is right there. Can he continue his attack? Probably not. Can I attack with my second arrow? No. Vax, you're up. I will run at the ghost. Right? Because I have to get up to it. I could throw, but where's the fun in that? So I run at the ghost, and I'm going to use Whisper, and I'm going to dagger, dagger, dagger. And I'm going to use the power of my deity and do something called Divine Smiting. I've never told you guys what it's called, but it's called Divine Smite.",Athletics
Perception,"Yeah, do it. Ooh, that's lovely. That's ten points of damage, plus six points of psychic damage, plus four points of electricity. That is just enough. You hit him, and his form-- You hear this shriek, and he just-- turns into a puff of smoke. Disappears into nowhere, and the ghost is gone. Calm retakes the hallway. Back towards the tip. Yes, musicians, calm down. Let's refocus on the shaft. I'm going to peruse the rest of the--",Stealth
Perception,"Yeah. I don't want to leave. I don't want to go. I feel safe in the shaft. There's a fountain right in front of you, and as you go in, you see there appears to be like, just this rouge, flushed-skin type water coming out of it. Some sort of fluid. And it's just a beautiful fountain, right in the middle of the room. Circular, from what you can see. What do you do? Where was the furry creature? It was past the fountain somewhere, you're not sure. I'm going to look at the ground and see if there's any traps.",Investigation
Investigation,"and as you go in, you see there appears to be like, just this rouge, flushed-skin type water coming out of it. Some sort of fluid. And it's just a beautiful fountain, right in the middle of the room. Circular, from what you can see. What do you do? Where was the furry creature? It was past the fountain somewhere, you're not sure. I'm going to look at the ground and see if there's any traps. Traps? Do a perception check. Is that what you're doing for traps? I think it's investigation.",Investigation
Perception,"careful checking for traps and everything is doing the same, he's trying to do his part. Yeah, and lo and behold he finds an edge in the wall just like you found before and he pushes it open and inside there is 20 platinum. Wow! 20 platinum?! Yeah. ""Guys! I found 20 platinum in this secret passage."" Oh my god. Can I see some platinum too? Can I go over there? Platinum's mine, but you never know what else is around. Maybe look for yourself. I look for other secret doors.",Investigation
Investigation,"the same, he's trying to do his part. Yeah, and lo and behold he finds an edge in the wall just like you found before and he pushes it open and inside there is 20 platinum. Wow! 20 platinum?! Yeah. ""Guys! I found 20 platinum in this secret passage."" Oh my god. Can I see some platinum too? Can I go over there? Platinum's mine, but you never know what else is around. Maybe look for yourself. I look for other secret doors. All right, roll a perception check.",Investigation
Perception,"Investigation check! Okay. 25. 25? Yeah, in fact on the exact opposite side of the cavern you find a similar door and do you want to push it open? Yeah! Yeah. So you push and there seems to be something coiled up on the ground in the corner. Is it a monster or is it platinum? It's not a creature or anything. Do you want it or not? Does it look like platinum? Could be. Okay. Can I look at it?",Perception
Investigation,"You want to search the bottom of each fountain? Yeah. Sure. Like feel around, see if there's any loot. Which one would you like to start on? Scanlan's or--? Well there's one right behind me. Yeah, sure. I should do the one closest to me. There you go. I'm going to see if there's any traps in there if I'm going to stick my hand deep into that thing.",Investigation
Perception,"(bear growling) That's a very good Trinket. That's very impressive. He's got breath worse than a decrepit old dachshund, too. I feel like I should retaliate. I don't think you should. But that might piss off Vex. Might. There is also this incredible door in front of you. You should check out the door. He unbites you and licks your shoulder. Which really just adds more bacteria to it. I will inspect the door.",Investigation
Investigation,"And is this also permanent marker? Maybe. All right. Which one is open? It appears that the door on this side is open. The one with the star on it. I'd like to go investigate that door. All right. Yes. So, you go over and find this open door. And as you look, there is a symbol above the doorway. It seems to be the symbol of a star. And the door is open. Would you like to investigate? I would like to investigate.",Investigation
Investigation,"had it since we ran Pathfinder. Oh shit. I'm gonna just tuck it into the meat. Just keep it with me. Oh no. I think you're supposed to keep what you know and what you don't know separate. But I know. That's called, what was it-- Mata-gaming. Mota-gaming? Meka-gaming. Meka-gaming. You can't Mega Man-game-- All right, I'm looking about the room for anything interesting. There's a potted plant.",Investigation
Investigation,"No one has never made that joke. I can't imagine I've been going my entire life. You are the richest, most powerful people in town. Who is looking down on you? One. Two. Three. All five gems light up. We're so smart! You hear a lock release, and the door, with the weight of your hand on it, starts to swing open. I go in. Is there a chest? You just walk in? I check for traps?",Investigation
Investigation,"Roll an investigation check. Okay. What are you drinking, piss? What is that? Apple juice. Oh. That's a lot of apple juice. Yeah, man. I don't think I've drank that much apple juice since I was eight. Yeah, well, I'm kind of doing Grog. 14. 14. You look around the room. You see no traps. Doesn't seem to be trapped in any way. What about the chest? Is it trapped? Would you like to check the chest for",Investigation
Investigation,"What about the chest? Is it trapped? Would you like to check the chest for traps? Roll an investigation check. 18. 18. Does not appear to be trapped. Can I open it? You can. The chest opens. Oh, is it a mimic or is it a chest? No, you open it, and inside you see a small vial with a little liquid. What's it look like? It looks like a greater healing potion. Oh. Okay. What's that circle on the table behind me?",Investigation
Investigation,"Indeed. Unless I have a spell that does not need a vocal thing. Let me just check. Also grappled, I don't know if you can actually move your hands either. Let's see here. You are grappled for the moment, Scanlan. Sure. Carry on-- Anyone else? Yeah. I'll do all the same shit. I want to, before I check for traps at the door, perception check for anything-- Well, don't be so excited about it. It's a unique room. You don't know what adventures lie",Investigation
Acrobatics,"turn. Vex. Okay. I'm going to take the greater healing potion. Which is 4d4. You better attack this fucking unicorn. Whoa, that's a really good 14 points plus four, right? So 18 points healed. And then I'm going to fly over the unicorn, and drop down, landing on its back! And I'm going to use my Rope of Entanglement to make like a harness thing and hold on to the fucking unicorn like a fucking rodeo. Why aren't you killing the unicorn? Because he's lawful good.",Athletics
Athletics,"energy just going out. And you start to smell fried alligator. He falls 50 feet. (sings Jurassic Park theme) 25. Damn it, he's barely-- (groans) He would actually technically not fall. He just stays there. Oh really? So each round he'll take more of that energy damage. Fair enough. He stays there for a minute. So that's ten rounds of damage. The unicorn, feeling this upside-down half-elf on his back, shakes you off. No! Can I try to hang on? I want to try to hang on to his hair!",Athletics
Perception,"disappear. Well earned. Thank you! It worked! You also see a similar shimmer disappear from the barriers, and you can see the stones on the tower even more clearly than ever before. What do they look like? Like stones. I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on myself at 3rd-level. I'm going to go take a look at that body that was sitting in the-- Yes. Percy, you get over, and you see what seems to be some sort of humanoid figure. Roll a",Investigation
Deception,"don't know, I ate that meatball from Scanlan and ""then I fucking died. I don't want to make any assumptions, but--"" (laughter) Scanlan! Did you kill my bear? Did you kill him? Why would you do that? I-- (laughs) Who betrayed this grizzly murder? (wheezing) I don't know! I mean, maybe it was something else? Maybe it was the unicorn? I try to put Scanlan in the necklace. How does that shit work? You've got the card, right? I think he has to be willing.",Deception
Deception,"assumptions, but--"" (laughter) Scanlan! Did you kill my bear? Did you kill him? Why would you do that? I-- (laughs) Who betrayed this grizzly murder? (wheezing) I don't know! I mean, maybe it was something else? Maybe it was the unicorn? I try to put Scanlan in the necklace. How does that shit work? You've got the card, right? I think he has to be willing. Scanlan, make a deception check. It was the unicorn's powerful magic.",Deception
Deception,"Who betrayed this grizzly murder? (wheezing) I don't know! I mean, maybe it was something else? Maybe it was the unicorn? I try to put Scanlan in the necklace. How does that shit work? You've got the card, right? I think he has to be willing. Scanlan, make a deception check. It was the unicorn's powerful magic. Deception check? 33. He really doesn't know. He doesn't know what Trinket's talking about. So I don't try to put him in the necklace? But don't I have to roll?",Deception
Athletics,"right now? Seemed hungry! He's always hungry, Scanman. You're interrupted by an explosion from the top of the tower. A sound of noise. (deep humming) A flash of light. Your attention is directed to the top of the tower. What do you do? Is the electric field still up? It seems to have dissipated. I'm climbing up the tower. I fly up, put Trinket back in my necklace and fly up. Fly up. Spider walk. Climb.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"directed to the top of the tower. What do you do? Is the electric field still up? It seems to have dissipated. I'm climbing up the tower. I fly up, put Trinket back in my necklace and fly up. Fly up. Spider walk. Climb. Climb. Athletics checks for Percy and Scanlan. First, I'm going to bonus Healing Word myself again. A seven. I mean, it's just walking. Yeah.",Athletics
Athletics,"It seems to have dissipated. I'm climbing up the tower. I fly up, put Trinket back in my necklace and fly up. Fly up. Spider walk. Climb. Climb. Athletics checks for Percy and Scanlan. First, I'm going to bonus Healing Word myself again. A seven. I mean, it's just walking. Yeah. Is this an acrobatics check? Athletics.",Athletics
Insight,"points of smash-your-face damage. I regret nothing. Scanlan, you fall after about 15 feet. You take eight points of bludgeoning damage. I've essentially undone my heal. You start climbing back up to the tower. You all reach the top. It has a very similar-- just ignore that. Whatever. And there in the middle is your friend, Grog. He's like, ""Guys! I ""knew you would come and find me! I mean, one second we were all in the tavern, and then all of ""a sudden it went hazy. You won't believe what I've had to go through. There was a big hallway with a ""ghost, and then there were all these monsters.""",Insight
Insight,"I regret nothing. Scanlan, you fall after about 15 feet. You take eight points of bludgeoning damage. I've essentially undone my heal. You start climbing back up to the tower. You all reach the top. It has a very similar-- just ignore that. Whatever. And there in the middle is your friend, Grog. He's like, ""Guys! I ""knew you would come and find me! I mean, one second we were all in the tavern, and then all of ""a sudden it went hazy. You won't believe what I've had to go through. There was a big hallway with a ""ghost, and then there were all these monsters."" Insight check.",Insight
Insight,"You start climbing back up to the tower. You all reach the top. It has a very similar-- just ignore that. Whatever. And there in the middle is your friend, Grog. He's like, ""Guys! I ""knew you would come and find me! I mean, one second we were all in the tavern, and then all of ""a sudden it went hazy. You won't believe what I've had to go through. There was a big hallway with a ""ghost, and then there were all these monsters."" Insight check. Roll an insight check. If it's a doppelganger, we have to murder him together. Nine.",Insight
History,"here in the inn? It is drowned out by the smell of a stockroom of honey that is coming from the back left-hand corner of the tavern, which is the entrance to the pantry into the cellar. Guarding that front initial doorway into the pantry, which leads into the bottom cellar, is, with a pint in his hand, a passed-out Grog. Grog Strongjaw? Grog. The Grog Strongjaw, of the Northampton Strongjaws? I don't know why I went there. The Herd. Technically of the Emon Strongjaws?",History
Perception,"computer? If they made them out of meat. Meat computer. Gross! It's probably MSI. Normally I wouldn't do this on this, but it's amusing me. So even though this was a failure, I figure I may as well hit that now since you started to change. The server is pulsating and thwapping against the window like it's trying to get out. Do we see any discernable features beyond being a mass of flesh? How close to the window--? Make a",Perception
Investigation,"never heard of. Definitely the safest way back to the Twitch stage is through the Nerdist office. Sam, you should lead us. Okay. Sure. Which way do I go? Just right through this long passageway. Okay. I'm at the tip of the spear, I've got my whip. I'm going. I'm sure there's something heavy that I can grab and use as a weapon in the Nerdist office. Yeah. Make a perception investigation roll. Can I do the same? Yeah. Anybody who wants to make",Investigation
Perception,"never heard of. Definitely the safest way back to the Twitch stage is through the Nerdist office. Sam, you should lead us. Okay. Sure. Which way do I go? Just right through this long passageway. Okay. I'm at the tip of the spear, I've got my whip. I'm going. I'm sure there's something heavy that I can grab and use as a weapon in the Nerdist office. Yeah. Make a perception investigation roll. Can I do the same? Yeah. Anybody who wants to make",Investigation
Persuasion,"to use my new hungers on my power! You didn't have to do that! You didn't have to do that! Quit blaming other people for your weakness. I'm just saying, it's bullshit. You're rules-lawyering a game you barely understand! Yeah, well-- Here's the deal: you're going to get seen. But we'll deal with that, because I want you you are hangry. I'm really fucking hungry. As in life. No, I have options here, and I'm going hangry. You are down three on any",Persuasion
Perception,"I'm going to go, well, there's really only one way around. I'm going to go around this back way, around that other stage so that, when they come up this way-- You do see a pile of corpses back there. Oh shit. They look like very competent corpses, the corpses of extremely competent people who make things work. Our crew. Oh, god. Like, around the other side of the stage? Like they're hidden? They're kind of piled in the shoebox at",Perception
Perception,"one way around. I'm going to go around this back way, around that other stage so that, when they come up this way-- You do see a pile of corpses back there. Oh shit. They look like very competent corpses, the corpses of extremely competent people who make things work. Our crew. Oh, god. Like, around the other side of the stage? Like they're hidden? They're kind of piled in the shoebox at the moment. Also, make a perception check really",Perception
Investigation,"really nice."" Right. Sam? Liam? Laura? I'm coming up and I'm going to say: Big fan-- ""Thank you! See, the riddle was a double thing, because, you know, vampires come from a ""box, and Dungeons & Dragons comes from a box! It's a double pun. I was really, it was actually Ivan ""who came up with it, but I signed off."" Still not in, and I'm unscrewing two pipes for a microphone setup so I can have a bar in my hand. It's smart to have. I'm creeping around the side and stealthily peeking.",Perception
Perception,"""You know, I don't actually know where you guys are sitting--"" I grab him and I throw him into the crypt. (laughter) ""Whoa!"" Be nice about it! I take his chin and I go, sorry, Mike! And I smash his head against the back of the crypt. What are you doing?! He said he was cool with it! I'm fucking tired of your bullshit! (snarling) You going for it? All right, give me a",Persuasion
Perception,"We can barter some blood or something. I don't know. Maybe you could convince him with your charms! Maybe, check and see if the bartender is a vampire. Are there ladies on the dance floor? There are men, women and definitely-- I'll look for a VIP area. You want to look for a VIP area? I'm gonna dance too. I'm definitely dancing too. You got to watch my guide to goth dancing. You're doing fine but that's okay. You're doing the Pac-Man. That's cool. Glow-sticks.",Perception
Persuasion,"the real world and we were around actual humans and I realised it wasn't the apocalypse-- She was very remorseful. I kept him from killing somebody! I would have taken a life if it hadn't been for her. If one of us can only enter this world, I would ask that it be her. Oh, babe. That's really sweet. No, I'm not okay with that. (strained) You were supposed to protect me! (laughter) Oh yeah. I'm sorry. I suddenly feel this lingering shame and guilt. But as the person who applied it is now dead, I don't feel--",Persuasion
Acrobatics,"before I flew down to Velora. As you're having this conversation about the carpet, you're dragged down over the side as the broom rockets off, Vex's mind currently focused more on other things. So the last thing you hear from Percival is, ""Could you throw--"" as he darts off to the side. The platform is beginning to give as the flickering green energy begins to fade. You guys both dart beneath where you can see upon the rubble, where the top staircase had broken apart from the original sundering of the top of the tower. There you see, still lying there, lifeless, the body of Velora. You rush in there just as the platform's collapsing. I need you both to make",Acrobatics
Perception,"as your speed overtakes the rate in which it's collapsing. Like Superman and Lois Lane. (laughter). The G's are intense, Scanlan. Your eyes are watering, blown back on your face. The Ioun symbol on your forehead is flaring like a spotlight ahead of you. As you rocket down, you glance, you can see there across the rocks at the bottom, two wyverns that are scattered across the rubble, and you see, lying there, the bodies of Kashaw and Zahra. They're dead. Turn around. Let's go back. They're dead. Shut up, Scanlan! Are they dead?",Investigation
Perception,"(laughter). The G's are intense, Scanlan. Your eyes are watering, blown back on your face. The Ioun symbol on your forehead is flaring like a spotlight ahead of you. As you rocket down, you glance, you can see there across the rocks at the bottom, two wyverns that are scattered across the rubble, and you see, lying there, the bodies of Kashaw and Zahra. They're dead. Turn around. Let's go back. They're dead. Shut up, Scanlan! Are they dead? Make a perception check. How high am I hanging off of this thing? Make--",Perception
Perception,"Congratulations! Did we win? No, you're healed up  you're fine. The Death Ward brought you guys to one hit point, and then she healed you before she dropped you, so you're fine. No, I deserved that. Thank you. So did we win? What happened? We're sitting on the titan now? You're down in the street level of Thar Amphala. But still on the Titan? Still on the top of the Titan. Is he falling?",Perception
Perception,"I can cast Fly on him. Yeah, do that! Zahra has Fly, she can cast Fly on him! I cast Fly on Grog. Okay. You'll have to get up a little closer to do it, because you're out of range. Can I use my Cloak of the Bat to fly up and then cast? Yeah. I fly up and I cast. Hello, darling! You watch as Zahra, suddenly her cloak extends into two large, leathery bat wings and she flies her way up pretty close to where you are. For a second there, you glance down. Roll a",Stealth
Acrobatics,"Can I drunkenly fly down to everybody else? And you do, it's a slow spiral, and you begin to gimbal backward, and she has to right you a couple times. Can I fly right as I get closer, just for dramatic effect? Focus on me. No squirrel. There's no squirrels. Focus your mind. No. It's all right, just come down. (singing) I come down! All right, you could do that, too. Look out below! Three-point landing. Super hard.",Acrobatics
Performance,"That's a lot of writing. That's a lot of words. The wisps of cloud begin to spell across-- V def. (laughs) I can write it out. You can. Yeah. As it coasts across, you hear this loud echoing (gunshot) as the N in the middle of Vecna seems to dissipate with a little puff as a perfectly aimed bullet from one pistol that does not backfire, because that would have been fucking funny. It's all I wanted tonight. So good.",Performance
Investigation,"All right. So you cast Locate Object and you have a very strong vision of the direction and it's maybe a hundred feet to your left, and it is under quite a bit of rubble. Big man, come on. I'm going to need you to dig  it's over here. Not a problem. All right. Rage dig. Giving him direction. Rage-digging through, tossing veritable small boulders with one-handed scoops. You guys are having to dodge out of the way as they go flying by and skidding to a halt maybe 50, 60 feet behind him. Go ahead and make an",Stealth
Religion,"You seem to like him a lot. Are you sure you want to kill him and not just try to get-- Grog. What? Hold on. We all think you're strong. You don't need to have an inferiority complex. A what? Yeah, I don't think he's going to understand. I don't think he has those. So he's a paladin of-- Tiamat. Right. Is that a good or a bad? Bad, I'm guessing?",Insight
Sleight of Hand,"I'm not sure what we're talking about anymore. No, I thought we got them in character. No, he got them. I got one. And I got one. Oh, we got the Slayer's Take. Wait, we're branded, and then I've got mine, and then he has his. I have the burnt hand on my back. Elven. No, it's not mostly healed. Scanlan Shorthalt! You don't need a gun to look cool. You are the Meat Man. You are Burt Reynolds. You are a fucking hero. I'm going to throw it away. Wrist Pocket! (laughter)",Sleight of Hand
Investigation,"I don't have the strength to argue with him. Sorry, Scanlan. (muffled) It's okay. I'm okay in here. Actually, I'll unlock it so he can say that. Oh, hi. That was a very touching ceremony. Well, I'll just be in here, crying. Aw. Percy, please let him out, I can't take it right now. I very quickly go through Scanlan's pockets to make sure there's nothing else that I need to take back from him.",Investigation
Arcana,"What? What is that? What have you got? So I've got this little deck of cards and every time someone pulls from it, great shit happens. I'm in. One. Two. Scanlan? I've seen this before, haven't I? I think I was with you when you got the guy rich. Wasn't I? No, he was on his own. He's the Lord of the Quadroads now. I was with him when he did one of them, though. You're semi-aware that there's something",Insight
Perception,"right now to be around a wolf. I give him a scratch behind his ear. He actually seems to enjoy it and gives into it. One of the giant hind legs of the wolf-- Oh, that's a good boy. I give out a little howl. He howls along with you. (howls) That was for my friend Vax. The wolf gets up, circles you once, and makes his way into the darkness of the forest once more. Goodbye. After a bit, I head back. Okay. Grog? I wander outside, where I'm by myself. Do I see anyone?",Perception
Perception,"please. Yeah. I pull a card. Yes! I'm so proud of you. Wait, where are you? Outside of the castle. In the middle of fucking Whitestone? Oh my god, Grog. Wait, as I'm walking back, do I see him at all? (chuckles) Out in front of the castle, out in the courtyard area? Yeah. It's nighttime.",Investigation
Persuasion,"Gentlemen, whose word are you going to take? The savior of Vasselheim, or his new tutor? ""What?"" (laughter) The guards go, ""Cobalt Reserve library station is down that way to the left. Hard to miss, ""big blue dome. You two work this out."" And they retract back into the guard post, leaving the two of you in the street. Well, unless you have something better to do, you could contribute to one of the greatest people to ever pass through this city and help me learn to read a little bit more. Would that be a problem? I only have 8,000 gold to give you.",Persuasion
Perception,"Thank you very much. I am sorry for getting in ""your way."" And he stands up and gives you all a nod and rushes out of the tavern, a little embarrassed by all the attention that's now placed on him by the other patrons, and as he leaves, everyone goes back to their business, a couple of wandering eyes starting to count what coins are there as you slowly mitt them in your direction. Divide it up. Okay, okay. There are four gold pieces amongst the pile, 22 silver, and 48 copper pieces. Can I clock the room, see who else is watching her count?",Persuasion
Perception,"wafting over this direction. I'm just letting you know. I would hate if I smelled that bad and someone didn't tell me. I've only just met you. Hi! I'm Jester. Hi, I'm Caleb. Nice to meet you, Caleb. How much silver did I just get? Seven! Woo! (laughter) And 16 copper. Aren't you all jealous? Morning. Morning.",Persuasion
Perception,"other than pastries. I really like them. I'm kind of concerned for your well-being. It's fine, I'm not that concerned. Eat whatever you want. I'll have bacon, some ham, whatever. ""All right, pork it is. I'll be right back."" She rushes off to the kitchen. You guys continue to awkwardly stare at each other. I'm going to put my hand up and say, quietly, to Nott, the Moneypot is not for them. It's not for them, it's for farmers. Okay? Yeah, you're right, you're right. Do we notice them whispering?",Perception
Insight,"Yeah, you're right, you're right. Do we notice them whispering? With your perception rolls earlier? Yes. But I said it really quietly. (laughter) She rolled a 22. But she can hear my little whisper? No, you heard the whisper, you're not sure what the words are. You can see that they're whispering. Being mysterious. Okay, cool. In Halfling, I'll say to Beau-- Beau for short works. Are you in town for business or pleasure?",Insight
Insight,"With your perception rolls earlier? Yes. But I said it really quietly. (laughter) She rolled a 22. But she can hear my little whisper? No, you heard the whisper, you're not sure what the words are. You can see that they're whispering. Being mysterious. Okay, cool. In Halfling, I'll say to Beau-- Beau for short works. Are you in town for business or pleasure? Can I insight check him, see what he's hiding?",Insight
Insight,"Yasha. Yasha. Now. Would anyone like a fortune read? I would love one. Do you have coin? Yes. How much do you want? Two copper. Two copper, okay, I just got some copper. Here you go. Mark down your two copper. (laughs) I am taking this in. All right. (sighs) I'm going to try and do this. Oh my gosh, really? So, as he pulls out a small set of cards and begins to shuffle them, go ahead and roll an",Insight
Perception,"eagerness, and the exuberant interest in just getting in your face that this person wants-- any fortune you tell will probably suffice. Go ahead and roll a sleight-of-hand check as well. Look at this fucking game! (laughter) Also 16. Yeah. And you feel pretty confident that her eyes are locked onto your eyes at the moment and not the deck, as you set up a proper reading. And the cards are shuffled, set, you place them before you, and you may give your fortune. I'm going to just keep my eyes open for any tricks of the hand, sleight-of-hand-y-type tricks.",Perception
Perception,"A silver. Okay, this is great. Thank you, Caleb. Thank you. Wish I had more. Okay. Am I doing this right? So far. Now I'm going to give us three cards, so we both roll, but we can't see. That's good. Okay. Don't say 'that's good'. Bluffing. How do you know I wasn't? I'm going to try to change one of my cards. No, wait, there's rules! Without you seeing. Make a sleight-of-hand check. 12 plus eight, so that's 20.",Perception
Perception,"This is my only skill, guys. But, you know, that's my skill, too. Oh, shit. So I'm going to try to do it as well, 'cause that's my skill as well. Well, first, what'd you roll for-- I did not notice him doing it. Okay, yeah, so you only get to reroll one of the dice. Okay, so I'm going to try to reroll one of my three, too. Go ahead. So make a sleight-of-hand check. Oh, right. Oh, shit. Do I notice her?",Perception
Athletics,"put in one silver, too. That's a four-silver pot. Yes. And now give one of your dice back, whichever one you don't want, and roll it again. So you get to reroll. Okay, got it. And you get to reroll one as well. I don't want to reroll any. Okay. Now you show what you got and we'll see who wins. I got a pair of fours. I got three fives. I draw my shortsword. (laughter) I immediately grapple him.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"That's a four-silver pot. Yes. And now give one of your dice back, whichever one you don't want, and roll it again. So you get to reroll. Okay, got it. And you get to reroll one as well. I don't want to reroll any. Okay. Now you show what you got and we'll see who wins. I got a pair of fours. I got three fives. I draw my shortsword. (laughter) I immediately grapple him. Make an athletics check. You make an",Athletics
Insight,"that emanates from under her hand, and for a moment, you look over and glance instinctively, ready to almost draw your sword again. But it seems to quicken your reflexes. You have this surge of adrenaline that doesn't quite fade. You have advantage on all your stealth checks. For the next hour. Thank you. That's very nice. I don't have a problem with goblins, but you guys aren't in any trouble, are you? No one's after you? Because she is all kinds of trouble. No one is after me!",Insight
Perception,"""Really?"" You didn't have to-- maybe let me choose when to tell people-- ""No, no, I'm curious about this. How do you spell your name?"" Well, it's short for Beauregard. ""Oh, mine's just B-O."" That's unfortunate. I mean, it's great. Did kids make fun-- never mind. ""It's not inaccurate."" And he flicks the side of his mustache. (laughter) Like, is his mustache especially B.O.-y? Like, what? That's really gross.",Perception
Insight,"""No, no, I'm curious about this. How do you spell your name?"" Well, it's short for Beauregard. ""Oh, mine's just B-O."" That's unfortunate. I mean, it's great. Did kids make fun-- never mind. ""It's not inaccurate."" And he flicks the side of his mustache. (laughter) Like, is his mustache especially B.O.-y? Like, what? That's really gross. Make a perception check. Ew. I don't want to perceive this. I'm glad I didn't roll very well.",Insight
Insight,"Well, it's short for Beauregard. ""Oh, mine's just B-O."" That's unfortunate. I mean, it's great. Did kids make fun-- never mind. ""It's not inaccurate."" And he flicks the side of his mustache. (laughter) Like, is his mustache especially B.O.-y? Like, what? That's really gross. Make a perception check. Ew. I don't want to perceive this. I'm glad I didn't roll very well. Can I make an insight check? Is he a creep or is he just--",Insight
Investigation,"Are you patronizing me, Mollymauk? No, I'm hoping that you're going to patronize us. (laughter) Can I keep my stick? (laughter) How about this? I'll take it, and I can just carry you to your seat. Deal. How are you carrying all of these weapons? Because I'm really fucking strong. (laughter) You. Can I give him a pat-down, because you're--",Persuasion
Stealth,"I'm practically concave. Is it concave or convex, I forget? Concave. Convex would be funny. (laughter) I'll hand her my shortsword, but not my little crossbow. Okay, make a sleight-of-hand check to try and hide that. Four. Oh, wait. 12. You have advantage on that, technically, right? Dexterity checks? Well, did you give me dexterity or just stealth? How does that work?",Stealth
Perception,"A falchion, a large, curved sword, emerges from a sheath on his back. What is that? It's a large, curved sword. (laughter) I twist it around a little. Play with it. This is nice. Very nice. I like it. It's a falchion! You're going to hang out with us the whole night? I'll hang out beside you so you can watch.",Perception
Performance,"coasting between a few heads. It slams into this creature, as crystals form where the wound and impact was. It cracks back into place where it was. End of your turn? All right. Nott, you're up. Okay. Having seen the beautiful dwarven-- girl, was it? Who sang and soothed a monster earlier in the show, I'm going to attempt to sing and soothe this monster. So I step forward and I open my mouth, and I sing, (singing badly) And I will always soothe you! Can I shoot an arrow at Nott? He's killing the memory of Scanlan. I know, can't let that go.",Performance
Performance,"creature, as crystals form where the wound and impact was. It cracks back into place where it was. End of your turn? All right. Nott, you're up. Okay. Having seen the beautiful dwarven-- girl, was it? Who sang and soothed a monster earlier in the show, I'm going to attempt to sing and soothe this monster. So I step forward and I open my mouth, and I sing, (singing badly) And I will always soothe you! Can I shoot an arrow at Nott? He's killing the memory of Scanlan. I know, can't let that go. Make a performance check.",Performance
Athletics,"Yes, I'm going to move, and I'm going to dash behind somebody in the crowd, some weak-looking individual. Okay. You can get behind there. Okay. All right, that ends your turn? That's our M.O., baby! Beau, you're up. Oh shit, okay. To RP my tragic one on the first fucking battle a little bit, I'll turn to everybody and go, guys, no, it's part of the show. Molly said that people die. She was just a claque. Okay. And then I run and I'm going to tackle the zombie guy. Can I see if I can grapple him? You can certainly, on the first attack. Go",Athletics
Insight,"First blood. I'll do the uppercut with the other one, and the one that has its teeth in it, I want to go right between the bridge of the nose and get the teeth right in the eyes and break the nose bridge into the brain. You know that thing? Yeah. And as you do that, you slam into its face. You watch as the skull caves in, the teeth piercing both of the red, bulging eyes. And with this horrible sucking, sighing sound, it falls onto its back, no longer moving, the shadows released. I grab my gash and fucked-up ribs and immediately turn over me. Can I do a perception",Perception
Deception,"""Don't move."" Which one? ""Both? Uh."" He looks genuinely confused. When I'm going ""which one?"" I make my second form just dart forward and start searching the body. Okay. It mimics searching a body. It's not actually you. Begins rifling imaginary things out of the pockets. Look at all the stuff that that one's finding over there! (laughter) Can he turn and look and I try to search the other guy?",Deception
Investigation,"Why-- Nothing like this. ""She's been singing with us for over two years, now."" How'd she come to you? She's a pretty young girl. ""She had no family and she was singing in the street for change. There was an opportunity. ""We seized it. We gave her a family she didn't have."" Put your hands down. The Crown's Guard goes like (grunts). ""It's fine, just don't move."" Did I find anything?",Persuasion
Deception,"""welcoming cleanliness. When we're working amongst the outskirts of the Empire, we don't want to ""bring an element that reminds you of death and--"" You hate old people so much. ""Well, we're in entertainment. We have to be cautious."" The single Crown's Guard guy who's sitting there with his weapon out, you can see him shaking almost, he's never had to deal with anyting like this before. Hold up. I've never seen that one before. He looks really suspicious. Towards him? No, the guy behind him. (gasps) He does look suspicious.",Persuasion
Deception,"ate earlier. You should know that whatever happened to that first man when he attacked the woman, she caught whatever he had. ""And that is extremely worrying. Nobody touch that body."" And he looks back and sees you coughing over the corpse, and the guy's like, ""Don't you touch that body! Are you sick?"" (coughing) I have bloody fingers. ""Someone hold her down. If she's sick and turns into one of these, I will not--"" She's fine. Just calm down. Well, we've already killed two of them. She's definitely sick.",Deception
Deception,"It ruined our show. Flynn turns back and says, ""Watchmaster, what should we do?"" And the man with the helmet under his arm walks forward, walks to Gustav, gives him one look over, still a few inches shorter than him. Looks at him with a sense of purpose and social status that has a sense of disinterest and disrespect. ""You, sir, and your orc, and your circus, are considered currently ""under arrest. Who else belongs to your merry band?"" He looks about the rest and Gustav goes, ""The orc."" Glances back at the two of you and goes, ""The rest of them are just purveyors of our ""performances. He was just joking earlier, right?""",Deception
Stealth,"gathering and making sure none of the other performers have fled and a lot of them are being brought out into an area where there's a number of tents all facing towards a large campfire in the center. There's a couple of chairs set up there, it's kind of the common area for the performers of the carnival and it looks like they're all being put out there so they can get a bead on it and make sure they know where everyone else is. I'm going to try to be aloof, stealth a little bit. I don't want to make myself completely known. Are you trying to stealth out of sight or just trying to not draw attention? No, just trying not to draw attention.",Stealth
Perception,"what was her name? Toya. You do not see her yet. The guard just got out there and they're just beginning to pull people out. You do see the fire dancer brought out there. You then see the two-- Yeah, Ornna. The Knot sisters are brought out and pushed out there and they're all looking very frustrated. Are people being amicable? Yeah, they're not shoving them around, they're just calling them out to the front so they know where they are. Okay. I want to look around. Do I see any type of movement in the shadows, anyone looking suspicious?",Investigation
Animal Handling,"sits back on a bipedal situation. So they're bringing the both of them out? The toad is hiding behind the tent and as soon as Toya comes out, comes up to the guard and puffs up its chest. The guard spins around and goes for the blade and pulls it out just carefully. Am I still next to that horse? The horse is currently still up on the cart, but is about 30 feet from you. Beast Shape! (laughter) I'm going to take my staff and give a really nice whack to the horse to get it to run. You know what? Let's go ahead and make an",Animal Handling
Stealth,"11 will do. It wasn't a hard DC, but it was more knowing where to hit it to where it would cause it to bolt versus just get angry. Get pissed, sure, kick me. So going for-- not to actually hurt the creature but just enough to spook it, you hit it in the right place towards the back of its hindquarters to cause it to suddenly rear up (neighs) (cart clattering noise) and go into a sprint. The cart begins to bounce and smash onto the ground. You can see the wheels clattering into the rocks and the stone between the bits of-- I'm going to bolt in the opposite direction and try and loop around to the south side of the tent.",Stealth
Stealth,"seen. As the cart begins to bolt off behind this horse, you see all the crownsguard turn. The one that was currently staring at the devil toad glances off to the side. As he glances off, the devil toad takes Toya and just pulls her to him protectively and the guard puts his sword away. ""Check!"" Points to them and then bolts off to go after the horse. The other three stay, watching over the group. Okay, can I loop around, kind of come up behind them? I mean, they're scattered a bit but there's-- The devil toad and Toya.",Perception
Stealth,"devil toad's head curls back towards you and you hear this deep, guttural (growls). ""Okay. It's okay. Toya?"" And I look at Toya. ""Hey, come on, let's get out of here, let's go."" At which point a voice says, ""Excuse me?!"" And you can see the three guards are there staring at you. Fuck. You didn't say there were fucking guards. I did say there were three guards. The three guards watching them. I thought you said they left. One of them left. One of them left. So wait. Oh shit.",Perception
Athletics,"the guards that are there. They're not arresting anybody from the carnival, but they're not letting them leave. But they're keeping them there. Okay. I'm going to do a quick-- Kill them all. I'm in shackles? You are. Okay. I'm going to do some monk shit here. I'm going to elbow one of the guards. Right in the ribs. And take the other one and bash the other one in the face and then I'm going to turn to Toya and I'm going to say, ""Run! Run! Go! Run!"" Okay. Go ahead and-- Make all kinds of rolls.",Athletics
Performance,"leather armor. She finishes writing on this parchment, rolls it up, and hands it to the messenger who immediately darts out of the room without a word past you guys, giving you a brief look as he continues on whatever his business is. As soon as your eyes pass off the messenger, you hear a loud slam, and you glance back. She's put her hands on the table. She glances up, ""All ""right, what riff-raff have you brought in to me this day?"" The watchmaster takes the chains of the three of you and pulls you to the front of the group and says, ""Sorry to be a bother, but we have ""three individuals arrested in connection with, as you have heard so far, the deaths at the carnival",Performance
Persuasion,"""responsibility for what happened this evening on myself. These people around me had nothing to do ""with this. They are not part of the carnival, they were just merely helping. It is my carnival, and ""whatever judgement there lies, I take upon myself and my head."" At which point Bo the half-orc steps forward, against his chains and goes, ""Gustav, what are you doing?"" He's like, ""Shut. Up. Please, whatever judgement there is, put it upon me,"" and he bows his head low. ""Is that the case? Is he the ""only one?"" She takes a good, hard look at you and Bo the Breaker. Oh, are you waiting for me to speak? Yes, he's the only one.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"expedite the process. Perhaps there's an arrangement we could come to if she could see the Lawmaster now. Yeah, I'm looking injured, man. I show him my eight hit points of damage. How many kittens is that again? That's sixteen kittens. Kittens have half of a hit point, I don't think kittens have more than that. That's eight Frumpkins. An audience is all we're asking for. No favors. Yeah, this is just a wrong time, wrong place thing.",Persuasion
Deception,"the same evening. It's incredibly inconvenient. ""I hate being troubled twice in the same evening."" If we may, this sweet girl here was also part of our party and she is quite the protective one. I'm afraid that she was also providing aid to our fellows in that tent. I'm afraid her younger sister was attacked in a similar way. I feel it's only prudent to acknowledge that she was trying to protect this young dwarven girl that performed in the circus. She means no harm. It was an adopted sister. I practically raised her. It's a sensitive subject.",Persuasion
Insight,"that's what we're going to do. Don't worry! I'll turn on the charm. Thank God. Okay. Let's get a drink. Thank gods. We head downstairs. You guys head down. You get to the bottom of the stairs just in time to see Jester, Beauregard, Molly, and Fjord looking across the tavern, making their way in your direction, and you guys notice them meeting you in the tavern room, as well. Oh, thank God you're here and safe! We missed you! Somehow we got separated! Friends. That happens, yes.",Insight
Investigation,"with me, and put them in my pockets. It's gotten us in a few scrapes a couple times. Caleb, he is fantastic. Very patient with me, understands. But really it's my fault  it's not him. He's a smart man, a brilliant magician! Have you seen? Some of his tricks are phenomenal, really. No, I'd love to. I feel bad to because we never stay in one place long enough for him to have a decent shower. (laughter) It's a moving story. I immediately check my pockets after that to see is Nott has lifted anything. Is everything still there, all my coin?",Investigation
Sleight of Hand,"Yeah. What's on your waist? I'm looking at her waist. What's on her waist? What's on your waist? My symbol to the Traveler. Oh. All right, I'll go to her left buttcheek pocket and fish around. I'm in a dress. I don't have a pocket on my buttcheek. But you can try. What pockets do you have? I would have pockets on the front of my dress, and maybe a little pouch on my hip. I'll do the hip pocket.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"But this is free money, that you don't have to work for. Also, you know, they basically helped us out today. You can do it for one, for them. All right, one gold. One gold. That's a really good deal. Did you hear how much he gave me a deal? Okay! Do you give him the gold? Yes, I'll give him the gold. Hold on, let me make sure I have it. Where's my--? It's the second button. Oh, currency! Gold. Okay, one down. Do I notice anything shifty about that, while we were looking at his hands?",Persuasion
Medicine,"me know. We've seen that window thing a couple times. It's good. Can I request a display? I think I have a broken rib. It might be getting more purple. Oh yeah, I mean I can ask, but I think I'm tapped. I'll sleep it off, it's fine. Yeah. I can try! I'll put my hand out. I'll try to cast Cure Wounds. I got shit. I got nothing. It's not happening. It's past midnight! Oh, no. I've got to sleep. You concentrate for a moment. Make a",Medicine
Perception,"much, I'll accept it. You're welcome. Okay, that's it. But I'll see you outside at some point, okay? Don't be scared, come up to me. Okay. Okay, in what order are you leaving? Should I go first? Sure! Are we going out in pairs? Like you said? (Deeper) Are we going out in pairs? Has Adelaine noticed any of this? I imagine you guys have been using your disguise kits in your own rooms and chambers. Other than that, no one immediately seems to be",Perception
Performance,"14! 14, thank you. You do see Yorda, the barkeep, in the process of wiping out some glasses at the end, she's occasionally giving a glance over to you guys as you're walking around. (whispering) You go first! You want to come with? Yeah. Don't do anything stupid. Mouth shut, eyes forward. Show me how you walk. Maybe a little less. That's nice. I also assume a little limp, slight. I'll say for the purpose of this, each of",Performance
Investigation,"him, if a friend has died at the circus last night. I mean, you mentioned no sick people. If he was sick, sometimes that word gets around. Maybe there is a morgue, maybe they recognized him. These small towns, most everyone knows everybody else. Let's go to, is there a market area? They don't have a large bazaar, but there is an area that is generally where a lot of the simple wares and vegetables and meats and people who sell small things that they craft their own at, it's a small market. If you want to make an",Persuasion
Deception,"""looking for drinks? Can I get you anything?"" Yeah, I would really love a drink and I sit down next to him. What do you have? I need something heavier than a trost. I've had enough trosts to last me a lifetime. ""We have liquor."" I will take your liquor. ""I will get some whiskey for you then. Whiskey, everyone?"" Sure. Two please. It's okay. She's my daughter. She loves whiskey. I don't even remember what voice I was doing. (laughing)",Deception
Investigation,"35 years ago, but he got married and went up ""north."" Did he work for any of the particular breweries around? ""I don't know. Maybe."" Brinjay. Where did he sit in here? He points over to the not the table the guy is playing solitaire on, but the empty table to the right of him. ""Usually right there in the corner."" I go sit in the corner. I'm going to look for anything I can find that looks like an old man was touching it.",Investigation
Perception,"against the horizon. You see a couple of small landmasses in the center of the loch, that are barely out of view. You approach, and the first couple of fishermen that walk past you both look to be hardened in their years. Their skin is very battered by the sun, it's wrinkled and dark from constant beating of the sky upon them. They glance over at this unique-looking troupe as they approach. They stop and don't say anything, they just look at you like ""What are you doing here?"" Do we still have Disguise Self up? You have it for maybe ten more minutes. Oh shit. Do we see any King's Guard? Crownsguard?",Perception
Nature,"If you see any zombies, please let us know. ""I will. You were so kind to help me when I saw a snake, I figure if I see a zombie, you'd ""also be helpful."" We would, definitely. We already killed a zombie too! This is just a snake. This is a big, weird snake I'm looking at? You can inspect it if you want. No, I've been looking at the snake this entire time. Oh, we have one of its fangs. I pulled it out.",Nature
Investigation,"standard! Hey kiddo, do you want a piggy-back? Sure, that sounds like a good idea. Scramble up, let's go talk to some people. All right, I'll jump on Caleb's back. All right. I'll wander down to where people are working. Where people are moving crates around. He's on Caleb's back! Okay, that would be probably closer to the Northward. Okay, so that's the plan, is to look for people moving crap around, the same way that Enon is said to have. So that's what we'll do.",Perception
Investigation,"here, books included. This is just things you've collected throughout your lifetime? ""Right. Boughten, traded for, found."" I don't know what you just said, but I am interested in books. Particularly in the arcane realm, but any kind of book. Do you have anything that you just outright know is out of the ordinary? ""I'm sure we've got a few. Look around! See what you find. It's half the fun, half the ""journey."" All right, friend, let's-- It's like Winter's Crest morning for me and I'm scanning the shelves.",Investigation
Investigation,"ordinary? ""I'm sure we've got a few. Look around! See what you find. It's half the fun, half the ""journey."" All right, friend, let's-- It's like Winter's Crest morning for me and I'm scanning the shelves. Make an investigation check. Can you give me something to look for? To distract me and give me a mission to go on, please? Yes. You want to find some sort of tool that helps you do what you do best. All right.",Investigation
Investigation,"what you find. It's half the fun, half the ""journey."" All right, friend, let's-- It's like Winter's Crest morning for me and I'm scanning the shelves. Make an investigation check. Can you give me something to look for? To distract me and give me a mission to go on, please? Yes. You want to find some sort of tool that helps you do what you do best. All right. Investigation check, that is a 21. 21?",Investigation
Sleight of Hand,"""Of course. Sorry about your cat, friend."" It's okay. Nott? Have I heard all of this conversation? You've been hearing all of it, but you've also found, amongst the chaos, a brass baby bottle that's fairly dented, but it's very shiny and polished, you can already see on the inside. You find a new flask, actually. It's very tarnished, but you spit and rub it a little bit. It looks to be of very fine metallic material. You're not entirely sure, you'd have to clean it, but it looks like very nice quality material. All right. I'll try to trade my flask with that flask.",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"Now, your flask, which still has liquor in it, is left behind for the empty flask you receive. However, without an instance of anyone even paying attention. It is yours. You can write in your inventory you are now the owner of a platinum flask. Ooh! Shit! Okay! It's a baby bottle, or maybe a rattle? What'd you say? Baby bottle. Looks like it was used as a bottle for a very upper-class family. You're already so ahead, though! I know. But I can't resist. I'll try to take one more look and pocket that as well.",Sleight of Hand
Stealth,"intersections of the street are lit. Other than that, you have a faint bit of moonlight that's coming through the sky. There are some clouds, but they're a bit broken up, so every now and then the moon cover can vanish and then return, but for now you have moonlight in the city. Where are you guys going? Towards the north end. I ought to be leading the way, I reckon. Yeah, I'll go to where I saw the three cloaked figures. A little ways north of Natural Remedies? Okay. I would like everybody to make a stealth check, please.",Stealth
Perception,"Yeah. I'm going to go with Fjord. Let's not spread out too far, though. Are you two like an item? What? You and Fjord, are you like a thing? Why, are you interested in him? No, ugh, no! No? You travel together. Well yeah, he's a good friend. He watches out for me, I watch out for him, you know. We're a good team. Like you and Caleb. Not at all like that, but yes, all right. As you guys fan out a little bit, everyone",Perception
Performance,"from the inn? From the inn? About a 15 minute jog. So we can go to the circus? An hour and a half. While we're still trying to figure this out, I'm going to take out my painter's kit and draw like a little piece of poop on the side of the building that we're next to. Tagging? That's good. A little tagger. Is it like a mound of poop or like a single--? No it's like a mound of poop. It's like an emoji.",Performance
Stealth,"draw a pile of poop next to it. It helps, but-- That's a triangle. Yeah, I thought it was like chocolate frozen yogurt. Is math or something? It's dark okay?! I can usually paint much better than this. It's really dark and my hands feel a little numb. Let's move then. Who's going where? What are you guys doing? We're all going to the circus. Stealthily to the circus. All right, I would like for all of you to",Stealth
Deception,"Anywhere to hide? There are some small alcoves, but you guys are out in the open, now. They've seen you. All of us? You don't know. They've seen you. They've called to you, and then both of you guys disguised yourselves. What are you doing? I walk into the lake and crouch down? Jester walks up and wades in about six inches of water and just-- gives her best duck impression. I will take off my mask and start attacking Caleb in a convincing fashion. Not to draw blood but-- yeah.",Deception
Deception,"There are some small alcoves, but you guys are out in the open, now. They've seen you. All of us? You don't know. They've seen you. They've called to you, and then both of you guys disguised yourselves. What are you doing? I walk into the lake and crouch down? Jester walks up and wades in about six inches of water and just-- gives her best duck impression. I will take off my mask and start attacking Caleb in a convincing fashion. Not to draw blood but-- yeah. Make a deception check.",Deception
Deception,"I walk into the lake and crouch down? Jester walks up and wades in about six inches of water and just-- gives her best duck impression. I will take off my mask and start attacking Caleb in a convincing fashion. Not to draw blood but-- yeah. Make a deception check. Deception check? Yes. Oh. Can I start going (groans) Oh get off, you little beast! To help with the illusion? (snarling noises)",Deception
Deception,"Jester walks up and wades in about six inches of water and just-- gives her best duck impression. I will take off my mask and start attacking Caleb in a convincing fashion. Not to draw blood but-- yeah. Make a deception check. Deception check? Yes. Oh. Can I start going (groans) Oh get off, you little beast! To help with the illusion? (snarling noises) Sure, make a deception check.",Deception
Deception,"Oh! All right, you take one point of bludgeoning damage, Nott, and blood just (flowing noise) from the nose. I have this. We're taking these people across to jail. (Regal voice) Indeed, stay our blade, please, obviously he can handle this. Don't you fucking move you little green piece of filth. (spits) Right in your face! Haha, incredible. This one is mine, thank you. Beat her within an inch of her life.",Deception
Religion,"You make your way inside, the smell is pretty bad. You can smell the flesh beginning to decay. Have they moved the bodies or are the bodies still there? With a bit of looking, the bodies are still there where they left them. They have not moved, you can see a couple of remnants of notes and sheets that have been crumpled, but the bodies have been left where they are. Can we check the bodies for anything? Is there anything arcane? From all my studies, does anything here ring any bell? I have a photographic memory.",Religion
Investigation,"Is there anything arcane? From all my studies, does anything here ring any bell? I have a photographic memory. Go and make a religion check. All right. That is a ten. Unfortunately, you don't have a lot of research on the undead, or whatever might be the essence of this creature's creation, and the more you look at it, you're like, ""This is not my specialty."" Okay. What about the perimeters of here, where all the people were? There was a swarm of people. I spend five minutes seeing anything was dropped of interest.",Investigation
Religion,"dropped of interest. Make an investigation check, both of you. That's better. I miss the twins. 16. Big ten. Glancing about, you can see the track marks of everyone fleeing. You can see the spatters of blood. You can see the place where the transformation occurred. There is a horrible shedding of certain layers of flesh. You can see previously existing layers of flesh and muscle that were shed as whatever this undead thing was fell to the ground. Once again, you make a",Religion
Stealth,"ground zero one, which is where you were putting all your attention, and then there's the woman, who was transformed as part of the first. I will take my dagger, and I will slice a little bit off of the woman, and it's going to get dark in here and I will snuff out the light and use the rag to roll it up and I'll put the little piece in my pack. With a squishy sound you place it within your pack. Let's get out of here, I'm going to be sick. Agreed. All right. The four of you, I need you to",Stealth
Stealth,"all to fall on Gustav. He's done a lot of good for"" ""all of us, and the way they're talking about the investigation, they're looking to make a scapegoat"" ""of this."" Well, thank you. ""Thank you."" (mimics bird call poorly) That's how they talk to each other. That's how carnival folk talk to each other. Oh, for fuck's sake. I'm going to do my best. ""Thank you."" I'm going to quietly sneak out the back of the tent again and sneak into the--",Stealth
Insight,"This is Ornna, yeah. Ornna is the fire dancer. Right, okay. For fuck's sake, they're going to kill every last fucking one of us unless we figure this out. She's like, ""Right."" What do you think? ""Well the sister's over here think it's a hit job, but this isn't a hit job with zombies? ""Are you fucking kidding me?"" I don't know. I think that they're trying to cover something. ""That's not surprising.""",Insight
Insight,"hit job, but this isn't a hit job with zombies? ""Are you fucking kidding me?"" I don't know. I think that they're trying to cover something. ""That's not surprising."" Can I insight check the sisters? What are they doing right now? They're both just quietly curled up and watching you guys talk. They're not saying anything, though? Not yet. If you want to ask them something you can. Do they look nervous or are they just being shifty?",Insight
Stealth,"Not yet. If you want to ask them something you can. Do they look nervous or are they just being shifty? Make an insight check to find out. Yeah. While she's doing that I'm going to try and sneak out the underside of the tent to go to the big tent. I'll go with her. This is a bit of a leap. This goes about 25, 30 feet south of where you are around the campfire that's open. No problem.",Stealth
Insight,"sneak out the underside of the tent to go to the big tent. I'll go with her. This is a bit of a leap. This goes about 25, 30 feet south of where you are around the campfire that's open. No problem. Go ahead and make your stealth checks, guys. Oh god. I miss Pass Without a Trace so much. 23. That's a number. Nine.",Stealth
Persuasion,"that sees me. Okay. As he stands up, he goes toward you and he goes for his blade and he has to make a saving throw. Oh boy. Which he does not make. I don't think so, it's like a six. No, it's like 13 or something. Yeah. So he goes like-- Hi, I'm not here. ""Okay."" Okay. Sit down. Go to sleep, this is a dream.",Persuasion
Perception,"giant, scaly, somewhat oily exterior of the body. That's why you detected him, because he's a fiend. Maybe he's a good fiend, can fiends be good? I don't know, you detected-- Is he still sleeping? (snoring) He's still sleeping. We can wake him up and ask? And ask if he's good or bad? Yeah? Eh. Is anyone else in the tent?",Perception
Deception,"situation, just separately. Not really. I don't want to compare myself to you, because that would be rude. The two halfling twins look at each other, and back at you. Her name's Beau. She's helping, she's awful, you have a lot in common. ""Okay, well, I mean, whatever you want to know."" He's such a dick. Why is he such a dick? ""Molly's great, why are you such a dick?"" Reversal! Oh, sorry, he's been talking shit about you this whole time, I don't know, I just--",Deception
Insight,"We've talked to Toya. She knows it's you who did this! We know you guys are in a fight all the time. You're the one behind the whole plot! You did it! You! The two Knot sisters immediately go, ""Ornna? Is it you? Did you kill that guy?"" Ornna's like, ""I don't know what you're talking about. What the fuck is this? Who the fuck are you!"" Why did you turn that guy into a zombie? Who do you work for! Ornna, Ornna.",Insight
Insight,"spells when you need to see them without flipping. I've got a little iPad button on the back of my pen, it's quite nice. Start talking, or this gnome-- nope! Goblin! Starts biting. Ornna goes, ""To be perfectly honest, I have no idea what's going on. Y'all just came in here, started throwing accusations at me. Gustav got arrested. Bosun got arrested. Molly got arrested, I'm glad you got off that. But to be perfectly honest, this whole thing's a shit show. And the circus is probably not going to be the same after this.""",Insight
Insight,"flipping. I've got a little iPad button on the back of my pen, it's quite nice. Start talking, or this gnome-- nope! Goblin! Starts biting. Ornna goes, ""To be perfectly honest, I have no idea what's going on. Y'all just came in here, started throwing accusations at me. Gustav got arrested. Bosun got arrested. Molly got arrested, I'm glad you got off that. But to be perfectly honest, this whole thing's a shit show. And the circus is probably not going to be the same after this."" Insight check on the--",Insight
Athletics,"Cut them down with those guns. Is that fire still going? It's not a huge blaze, but there's some flames in it. It's starting to burn out a little bit. Both barrels. Six shooter. Give it to them. Okay. With my initial attack as I run up, can I take my staff and try and take them out at the knees? Just a sweep? Sure. I'd say go ahead and make an athletics check. Knock them prone? Yeah, that's what I'm going for.",Athletics
Medicine,"Well, congratulations, you're the cleric now. (gasps) You have a healer's kit? Oh my gosh. I've always wanted one of these for so long. I'll give it to her. Here, it's a gift. Congratulations-on-you-being-in-a-new group gift. Yes! How do I use this, though? Oh no, she's not proficient. I open it and rummage through a bunch of shit here. No vanilla extract or sprinkles? I'll say for the instance of this, since it's not necessarily immediate danger of him dying",Medicine
Perception,"Yes. What if I roll a one on it? That's what I'm hoping for. That's a strong four. A nine? Okay, I'll say-- (sighs). He's still unconscious. Given a little bit of time, he'll come back to consciousness. Ten minutes or so. You can probably, eventually through the use of strong vapors or something you can bring him back from the brink. At this point the rest of the carnival currently within the vicinity begin to emerge from the tents seeing that the danger has passed. Is there any young girl in the tent with me?",Perception
Religion,"has blackened, charcoal edges to it. Nott, you feel Frumpkin's claws slowly and deliberately squeeze into your shoulder. That means I have to go. Where's Caleb? I thought he was with you. He was. I look around for Caleb. Okay. If you're right there, you're not far from the tent. You head back and see he's not on the outside of the tent. The smell of sulfur, I mean brimstone, do I figure that it's probably the residual from the big toad guy or is there a substance in the room that is causing it?",Religion
Religion,"Nott, you feel Frumpkin's claws slowly and deliberately squeeze into your shoulder. That means I have to go. Where's Caleb? I thought he was with you. He was. I look around for Caleb. Okay. If you're right there, you're not far from the tent. You head back and see he's not on the outside of the tent. The smell of sulfur, I mean brimstone, do I figure that it's probably the residual from the big toad guy or is there a substance in the room that is causing it? Make a religion check.",Religion
Perception,"They're out. Should I shoot them? They're okay. Is that single horse a mustang? Oh my god. Really? What? Can I ask a simple question? We better get $100,000 from Ford for that one. We better fucking get that. Sure. It's not a mare? I'm just checking. No, no it is. I'm just very curious as to the sex of the horse, that's all.",Persuasion
Perception,"How did we never know that? That was established in the last campaign. Like dogs, we never looked up. One of the moons is so faint-- How many suns are there? There's one. Anyway, there's a faint bit of moonlight which gives you folks without darkvision a little bit of detail that you can make out in the vicinity. You come to the lake edge and there's the water. This is the best we can do for them. Take them out of this wagon! Hang on, hang on. I want to look around. Do I see any guards?",Perception
Survival,"one of their pockets that says something like ""I've discovered that Caleb and Nott are innocent and should be cleared of all charges"", or something like that. That would definitely work. Will you add my name to that list? Sure. How do you spell Jester? Like normal. Okay. Maybe we can dump them, backtrack with the cart, and drop the cart back off. As we've been riding, have we seen any tracks that we think might have belonged to the toad? Since it was leaping in these huge arcs.",Survival
Survival,"Yes, kick them out. Okay, so you remove the bodies from the cart. Are you dumping them on the shoreline? Yeah. Okay. (thud, thud) The two transformed guard corpses now lie there. One an ashy mess, the other in three pieces. Left along the bank of the water. I get out and I start positioning them like maybe they were having a romantic tryst. Those two burnt men? Yes. Okay. (laughs) I'm going to help Jester try and clear the tracks while she positions bodies.",Investigation
Survival,"No, a little bit further away and then has hit the land. The figures are currently taking things out of the boat. They're late night fishermen. I think they're fishermen. Let's keep moving. Okay, which direction are you moving? North. Well, north is into the water. Like you hit the water of the bottom of the lake. The toad went due north? Like straight into the water? That's the direction it was traveling. Can I look for toad tracks?",Survival
Investigation,"Oh, Sam. That was a lot. That was a whole lot of rolls. Survival. 11. 11. It's hard to really make out what tracks are what. You do see a few heavy impacts in the mud. Some of them looks like it could have been the bodies being rolled, but not too far from where you are, there's one big smack in the mud. Like something heavy impacted. Fjord! Come look at this! This is definitely toad tracks. In the shape that it's in, this print. Are their toes pointing in a specific direction?",Investigation
Survival,"Yeah, I'm going to do both of those. I changed my mind, I believe I used arcane recovery during the day. So forget it. Yeah, it's gone. You can hit dice it. I bet you have a thing where you can click it on. Now I'm at 12 hit points. That's better, there you go. 12? Better than one. Yay 12 hit points. I'm going to see if I can help with the tracking because I'm going to start actively tracking this particular creature.",Survival
Survival,"I changed my mind, I believe I used arcane recovery during the day. So forget it. Yeah, it's gone. You can hit dice it. I bet you have a thing where you can click it on. Now I'm at 12 hit points. That's better, there you go. 12? Better than one. Yay 12 hit points. I'm going to see if I can help with the tracking because I'm going to start actively tracking this particular creature. Make a survival check.",Survival
Religion,"It's not like a mental tracking ability. It's to be able to see details of the specific type of tracks. I legitimately do not know how it works. Sorry. Just like any other tracking, you still need to have things to follow. You can read damage in the forest to see if something barreled through. You can follow tracks. You can see blood splatters. Any sort of thing that can give you an idea of where something went that is of those types of creatures. Do I know what he was, by the way? He was a fiend. With the knowledge of it being a fiend, go",Religion
Religion,"I legitimately do not know how it works. Sorry. Just like any other tracking, you still need to have things to follow. You can read damage in the forest to see if something barreled through. You can follow tracks. You can see blood splatters. Any sort of thing that can give you an idea of where something went that is of those types of creatures. Do I know what he was, by the way? He was a fiend. With the knowledge of it being a fiend, go ahead and make a religion check. And I get advantage on that. You do, actually.",Religion
Animal Handling,"So what are you doing? We're taking the cart back to a distance from the city. Half a mile. Yeah, and then letting the horses run, so the-- sending the track off. I see. Okay. I don't think we would have gone right past the fishermen that would be able to identify us. Using the lake to hide tracks. Okay, so you guys head the opposite direction for a little ways after the field. All right. Who's spooking the horses? That's your specialty. Whack with the stick.",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"Six? To hit a horse? Correctly hit a horse! The horse whimpers  you hurt a horse. What's your armor class? 17. 17? As soon as you hit it, there's a (whinny) and there's a split-second where you watch its back leg muscle twitch, and you duck out of the way just as its back hooves (whoosh) past your face. I'm going to walk over to the horses and-- they're trained horses. Yeah. I'm going to go whisper in their ear and give them a little pat.",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"Yeah. I'm going to go whisper in their ear and give them a little pat. Make an animal handling check. You rolled shit, too! Nine. Horses are our new door! Drops a couple of horse apples. I didn't get advantage on that because I knew the animals, did I? No. You knew the animals, but you weren't the animal handler. I use Thaumaturgy and I make the sound of like a predator behind them.",Animal Handling
Stealth,"This is Romper Room! Yeah, I know! With a crack, and a heavy echoing snarling sound in the vicinity, both horses kick up and go into a full gallop sprint away from the direction of you, the cart being dragged behind it. They continue to go into the shadow. You don't know how long they're going to go. I cast Thaumaturgy! (quacks) By the time you guys make it back to the inn-- Those ducks are scary! Are you guys being careful, or are you just walking back? We're being careful.",Perception
Religion,"sound of song? It does not. Is it related at all to the periwinkles you were talking about before? It's not possible he's trying to head back to Xhorhas, is it? I said out loud. I think we saw both the fast and the slow feeding methods. Kylre was not a talker. Does it say how to kill it? Yeah, weaknesses? Vulnerabilities? Stabbing? Well, most fiends are weak to holy damage, right?",Religion
Deception,"at the front, there's now three, and there are two guards stationed across the street that are keeping a watch. It looks like everyone's on high alert since they've had some of their own crownsguard killed. You make your way around the corner, through the T-intersection to the other road that meets with the main street that crosses in front of the Nestled Nook, and you see the guard stationed outside who's currently leaning up against the wall, arms crossed, looking back and forth. Can I run up to him and say: (old raspy voice) You, please, over here! I've seen one of those creatures! It's tearing into him and it's horrible. Please, come quickly!",Deception
Stealth,"against the wall, arms crossed, looking back and forth. Can I run up to him and say: (old raspy voice) You, please, over here! I've seen one of those creatures! It's tearing into him and it's horrible. Please, come quickly! Make a deception check. Oh yes, here it is. Come on, charis. 15. 15? He goes, ""Which way? Please, point and show me."" This way, quickly, please! He grabs his blade and draws it out, and gives a jog after you. The rest of you guys make your way down quickly outside into the alleyway.",Stealth
Perception,"Did she have a wart on her nose? ""Probably."" Yeah. ""We don't really deal with witch folk."" Did she wear a hat? Like a pointy one? ""I'd only expect as such."" Right? (chuckles) Takes another swig as you guys begin to make your way towards the center of the Ustaloch-- Can I put an arm around Beau and have her come to the front of the boat so we can check out the waters as we're going, just for anything that might be--",Perception
Perception,"sketchbook. (yelling) God fucking shitballs cock! I actually tagged along with them. Okay. (growls and sighs) So it went well? (high-pitched) It's great. It's a good roll. I'm drinking tons of whiskey because I'm super scared to be on the water. Eight. 13. 20. Okay. For future note, if everyone's going",Perception
Deception,"That's big. As you approach the bank, you can see already there's a lot of heavy rocks. This is not a soft, muddy embankment like the outskirts of the lake. This has a lot of jagged rock, and your ship-finding friend is carefully making his way through as close as he can before he comes to a stop, pushes off with an oar, and says, ""All right, I think this is as close as I can get. What ""are you doing here, if I might ask?"" We are going to have a picnic on the island. Beach party. Nighttime beach party!",Deception
Investigation,"We'll return. All right. As you guys step off the boat into about ankle-deep water, traversing the broken bits of sharpened stone, making your way to the actual island of Crookedstone, you begin to slowly approach the outside of the treeline. What do you guys want to do? Should I cast Good and Evil Detection again? That seemed to work. I can do it. Before you do, let's take a look around. I'm going to take a look around to see if I can find any footprints.",Investigation
Survival,"guys want to do? Should I cast Good and Evil Detection again? That seemed to work. I can do it. Before you do, let's take a look around. I'm going to take a look around to see if I can find any footprints. Make an investigation check. Can I use my (mumbles) again, or no? What are you doing? Are you looking around for details? I'm specifically looking for signs of Kylre.",Survival
Perception,"He blew it out. I blew it that way! Thanks? Oh wow. You can taste it, can't you? What's the plan, guys? You didn't find anything? We can start heading in. I can cast it, I just will lose a spell slot. Hold on. I send Frumpkin into the sky. Look down, and see if now that I have him flying closer, maybe I can see better, or see something moving in this dim light, before it goes?",Stealth
Perception,"Roll really good. With disadvantage because of the lack of light. Balls. That's a big seven. We're lowly humans. How did you deal with this? It was awful. I let all of you go first everywhere. Yeah, the lack of detail, nothing really catches Frumpkin's eye from above. It's too dark. (flutters) Can I look and see if I see any big broken branches, or sign of something big moving through the forest?",Perception
Investigation,"catches Frumpkin's eye from above. It's too dark. (flutters) Can I look and see if I see any big broken branches, or sign of something big moving through the forest? Make a perception check. Perception? Not investigation? Are you glancing about, or are you going to wade through the forest to look for things? No ranger. I'd like to move up to the treeline and see where the mud is, and see if I can see any sign of something big moving through the forest. Or for a witch's hut.",Perception
Perception,"Stop burping! Yes you did! I didn't burp! You probably just breathed out hard. I'm sorry, it was me. That was you?! No, I meant Caleb's stink. I have not burped. I'm trying to keep an eye out for anything. Unfortunately, you're having a hard time to make out any sign. You guys make your way towards the center of this cluster of trees. As we walk, Fjord and I will keep a lookout for any more crustacean empty shells.",Perception
Perception,"Can we sneak around the ruin? We're building a narrative here that Matt is not giving us. Like The Secret. You're manifesting a witch fight here. ""Where's the hut?"" Let's approach. You guys approach. Who's keeping visual point on this? Who's got better eyes? I have darkvision. I'm moving slow on purpose at the back of the group now. Which means you are, too. Who's helming this? I'll give one of you a",Perception
Acrobatics,"Ah, wow. Then as me, I'm going to run away. Can I run behind a tree and crouch? You can go around this one there. I'm going to crouch behind it. That gives you some cover. That's your turn. Beau, you're up. That's my turn. I'm going to vault off of the platform that I'm on, and I'm going to go for Toya. I'm going to take my bo staff. I'm going to try and take her where her throat is and grapple her down to the ground. Like to basically throat crush and get on top of her.",Athletics
Athletics,"I'm going to vault off of the platform that I'm on, and I'm going to go for Toya. I'm going to take my bo staff. I'm going to try and take her where her throat is and grapple her down to the ground. Like to basically throat crush and get on top of her. All right, make an acrobatics check. Little larynx assault. I feel like Beau will have far less problems hurting children. Yeah. Okay. 15. Yeah. You make the landing, roll, and go towards her. You're going to use your action to grapple? Grapple her down.",Athletics
Athletics,"As you run and dart, you see the giant arm coming down towards you, and you pull the shield up and it almost causes you to trip from the sheer force of the impact. But the brunt of it is taken by the shield as it scrapes off and you hear this horrible grinding of metal as its claws scoop across the outside of it. That ends your turn I believe. Beau. Okay, so I've got the little girl pinned, and I am going to go, shh. I am going to take my arm and-- Are you trying to cover her mouth? Yep. Okay. Go ahead and make an additional",Athletics
Athletics,"force of the impact. But the brunt of it is taken by the shield as it scrapes off and you hear this horrible grinding of metal as its claws scoop across the outside of it. That ends your turn I believe. Beau. Okay, so I've got the little girl pinned, and I am going to go, shh. I am going to take my arm and-- Are you trying to cover her mouth? Yep. Okay. Go ahead and make an additional athletics check. I want to jam my whole forearm in her mouth.",Athletics
Perception,"We have to stabilise Fjord, is what we've got to do. And my boy-- Caleb? Caleb's doing okay. I have two successes. Not that you know that. I don't know that, but... I'm just staying. Fjord, I need you to make a death saving throw. It's been a long time since you've had to make one of these in the game. Three. That's a fail. All righty. Is that your first fail? Top of the round. The imp-- I'm going to",Persuasion
Medicine,"All right, so the first attack crushes the imp and it hits the ground, the wings go limp and it's dead, but you still (yells) and stomp down, just crushing it more and more. And then its body eventually just burns away into ash. So all the threats have been neutralised and you now have two friends that are bleeding out. Okay, then I'm going to run over to Fjord and cast Cure Wounds on him so he wakes up. You come back to consciousness. With five hit points. I will try to stabilise Caleb using no-- Caleb, I need you to make a death save. Death save? Fail.",Medicine
Athletics,"There's been some bad business. ""What happened?"" (sighs) A friend turned on us, but it's going to be all right. I'm going to get you home, all right? ""Wait, where's Kylre?"" She starts trying to fight your grasp. I'll explain it later. She's going to try and break free of your grasp. Are you going to attempt to hold onto her? Oh, yeah. How far away are they from the rest of us? While you guys have been doing all this, he's gone on ahead. He's probably a good 40 to 50",Persuasion
Persuasion,"was mainly just little games."" Did he teach you how to sing to affect people's minds? ""No. That was how I got by before I met these guys."" I am sure this is painful for you. You are young. Sometimes people we feel we know can be someone else. Regrettably, this is one of those instances. He was a dangerous thing. It is very important that this is buried here. You want to travel on with the circus and with Mollymauk and your friends. That thing tried to kill us. It did kill things in Trostenwald. Who knows what it would have done to you, child?",Persuasion
Deception,"this, what have you brought? Oh, I have felled a beast. ""They got in my boat. I-- they--"" Are you responsible for this? ""No. They took over my boat and forced me to take them to the middle island there."" You will not take credit for my kill. I have killed this thing and I want it to be watched. I am going to the authorities. We will bring them back and get this sorted. It's a horrifying-looking creature. You are to be commended for your bravery. Lawmaster Norda will want to know about this immediately. You weren't here.",Deception
Stealth,"idea. Like where did this really pretty pink and lavender cloak come from? It's green. I'm sorry, green. I haven't looked at the art. It's nighttime, the moonlight makes everything sort of look purple. That's canon. All right, go quickly. Okay, we stealth away. What is my stealth bonus now? You just get advantage. We'll get to you in just a second. The rest",Stealth
Sleight of Hand,"darkness, the guard with his arms crossed goes (whistles). He begins to walk and approach you as two more guards close off the other side of the alley and they begin to come up to you guys. How far away are they from me? Too far? Too far. Drop one of those rings, drop a ring! It's not a shoe! I drop a ring. Wait, did we take a short rest when we were on the boat? We did. It was a short rest on the boat. To get across, I would say I'd allow a short rest. Okay, I'm going to cast Invoke Duplicity. Behind the guard.",Sleight of Hand
Deception,"begin pulling out manacles and chains and say, ""We're going to have to take you to the stockade."" Oh, please don't. Really, we just left the building because we wanted to go-- You're being locked up right now, as we speak. This is the stupidest thing! So stupid! Level two! Do I have to go, too? Oh yeah. But I was just a bystander! I was walking down here and I saw these two ruffians and I was going to go get help.",Persuasion
Stealth,"Three minus three is zero. That went into my nose. Brave new world. As you're telling him this, your mask goes (creak). He goes, ""Arrest that creature!"" We're going to die from bad paperwork. Yeah, we really are. Literally, we're going to die from bad paperwork. You both are put in chains. You're put in chains both arms and legs. Oh, that's just mean. Racism! They bring you over to the stockade.",Stealth
Stealth,"or no? You can try. Yeah, I don't know they're caught, do I? No, you have no idea. Let's all get caught. I'm going to try and wait for an advantageous moment. Which I'm going to allow you to do. You stay outside of the outskirts of the torchlight at the very front of the tent and the back of the tent. The fire of the actual encampment has gone out because you don't see any other carnival members. The sisters ran. They fled. You don't see any sign",Stealth
Intimidation,"so I'll see you shortly. Be ready. You will. Okay. You make your way to the stockade. As you approach and make your way into the interior, the two crownsguard at the front say, ""Hold. What's your business?"" Excuse me, and I lurch and prop myself up against a wall and push back. Excuse me. I just had a very harrowing night. ""Have you been drinking?"" You get me Norda this very minute and I will tell you what has happened with this circus and in this town and don't keep me waiting another minute. I'm bleeding out here. Arschloch.",Intimidation
Persuasion,"(laughter) Funny story. Yes, these are the people I was talking about. Nothing has changed, however, and I am only asking to take another ten minutes of your time to walk to the dock. One of the performers has been killed this evening, and I have done it. I staked out the circus because my friends were in trouble, and wrongly accused, and I knew this. So I staked out the circus this evening, and watched as this toad thing left the grounds there. It did this to me, and I, in a rage, followed it and destroyed it, and I will show you the remains of my work. We'll put it to bed. I'm either a clown or I'm a toad-killer. Let's see what it is.",Persuasion
Stealth,"the guards all just standing there, holding you as you wait patiently. Some of them are tapping their fingers. You start rattling your chains and two guards pull the chains taut so you can't do it anymore. Mollymauk, as you begin to make your way back into town, because you're making your way through the dock district along the lakeside and you look up ahead, and you can see there's a couple of torches being held by crownsguard right where the head was left, and you can see Caleb, and then three of your allies in chains. Hmm. (sighs) Oh no! What are you going to do? I'm going to get a little closer.",Stealth
Persuasion,"the circus? ""I don't know what she works for, but I don't trust her."" That's smart. I am injured within a centimeter of my life. This one is a nincompoop. Wait, which one were you pointing at? That's you. I pull the mask away. This is my good friend. She's a goblin. A little halfling girl! At this point, you watch her pull back. I step in front of her. She is my friend and colleague and you will not lay a hand on her while I am standing here.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"I'm sorry for your loss. Where are your people from? ""Grimgolir."" That's not where my clan's from. I had nothing to do with it. My clan operates far, far away and-- ""Where does your clan operate from?"" I'm looking on the map. Near the Felderwin Tillage. ""That's not too far. Maybe we'll send some folks to pay a visit to your clan."" You can. Feel free. I'll even tell you where they are. I'm no longer associated with them and I can help you hunt them down if you'd like.",Persuasion
Perception,"have that much. Although, the breweries might. Maybe be best to find that gold elsewhere. Wait, so who killed him? Gustav has spun around and comes back and is like, ""Sincerely. I appreciate the aid, but don't. ""This is on me. I'll take care of it. This is not your responsibility. It's not your responsibility. ""You guys have already done so much. It's fine. I'll take care of it."" Suppose we should take a look at what's left of the circus. Can I go take a look around? Do I see Zeenoth anywhere?",Persuasion
Insight,"A little bit. You're very big. Well, I thought you were Nott, the Brave? Oh. No, there's no comma. (laughs) I'm just Nott the Brave. (laughter) I don't know. You know, Nott and I have been travelling together for a while and two is better than one, although still very difficult. How long ago was it that you guys broke out of prison? Uh... you know, it was six months ago, about. Five, six months ago. Damn, you guys are doing good.",Insight
Medicine,"Damn. How's the horse look? Horse is fucking dead. I ate it. That's a bit excessive. Horse is fucking fine. Hey, Jester, do you have a bandage? Do you have a thing? Oh, yes! Of course I do. I have a lot of bandages because I am the cleric. I don't know if that bone's supposed to be sticking out of that part. Yes, I'm going to open the medical kit and rummage around. Pull out some stuff. Give me your wrist! I can definitely heal this. I bet Yasha can pop it back into place. Yeah, crack.",Medicine
Insight,"Was this a test of some sort? I think so. Did you pass? I mean, they made you a hero, so obviously you did. I'm not a hero. That's not what they did. It's more like a vigilante! Like what we said! Yeah! This is so great. Can they let us into the secret society too? No. Well, you know, this is very fascinating, but I have some errands to run. Nott, would you like to run errands with me? We are totally coming back and not leaving on our own undercover.",Insight
Insight,"Did you pass? I mean, they made you a hero, so obviously you did. I'm not a hero. That's not what they did. It's more like a vigilante! Like what we said! Yeah! This is so great. Can they let us into the secret society too? No. Well, you know, this is very fascinating, but I have some errands to run. Nott, would you like to run errands with me? We are totally coming back and not leaving on our own undercover. Insight check. Bring it on.",Insight
Persuasion,"""Breakfast."" All right, yeah. That's what that is. You know, I wanted to thank you for the book. I don't know if you read it yourself, but I read it cover to cover quickly. It was fascinating and very useful. [aside, quietly] I hope you're doing stuff over there. ""All sales are final!"" Well, here's the thing. I have read this book and loved it, and if you would like to purchase it for the low, low price of one gold, you can sell it again. You sold it to me for three. You have it back for one. You can turn a profit.",Persuasion
Investigation,"imparted upon me. ""Might I have the book?"" Oh, of course! It's right here on the table. Sorry, grandfather. ""All sales are final."" Right. You will not sell that back to me, for sure. ""Do you want it? I can sell it to you for three gold."" That's a good price. Nott, how are you doing? (chewing) Bacon's really good! All done for the day? I'm looking around for something to swipe.",Persuasion
Sleight of Hand,"Ten. Looking around, I mean, a lot of this is knick-knacks and inane garbage, and things that just aren't quite worth what you'd be looking for. You do find one art piece that looks like it's a pretty good art piece with a decent frame, might be worth a little bit, but that's the best you can find. Everything else here looks like it's the dingy side of the Salvation Army. Anything small? Ooh! Can I find my old flask that I left here? Yes, I'll let you do that. It has not moved from where you placed it. I'm going to steal back my old flask.",Sleight of Hand
Persuasion,"approaches. ""Hello and good morning. Can I help you?"" Yes, one moment. (quietly) Stay close to me and let me do the talking. (louder) Hello, please, don't focus-- my daughter is shy. ""I'm very sorry."" I've had a terrible day. Some disgusting derelict has vomited all over me, I smell like filth, and I would like to spend a couple of hours in your finest bath. Maybe not your finest. A good bath, for a couple of hours. My daughter and I. I will need adjoining baths, if you have that. For modesty's sake, my daughter and I. ""That can be done. Of course."" Make a",Persuasion
Sleight of Hand,"the only thing. You're not wrong, generally, yeah. ""We can order some pickles, if you like."" Yeah, you probably should. I think you would do well if you sold pickles. Do you have maps for sale of the area? ""The area? Let me check. I'll be right back."" Does she leave the room? Yeah, she does. She leaves the room. Don't-- put your hands in your pockets. Don't put my hands in my pockets, got it! I start running around and just moving everything on the shelves again the same way as before.",Sleight of Hand
Persuasion,"""I cut fungus for a living."" Look, it's in the shape of a dick. ""I'm not going to ask. Four? Did you want them?"" Sure, yes. How much for four healing potions? ""For four healing potions,"" and he pulls them out and plops them on the table, ""240 gold pieces."" Level two. Okay, hold on. I open up my pack and I pour out all my money. I start counting it. Do you have a deal, you know, if we got all of them? That seems pretty high. Right? That seems pretty high for a healing potion.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"something really interesting and exciting here. You're not a healing potion dealer. What are you doing here? Like this is fascinating. ""Oh, I create all sorts of means of tending to wounds and loss of stamina. To be honest, a lot ""of people come around here for performance-enhancing fungus."" I don't know, I feel like you can excite me. I feel like there's something that you have to show that's really exciting. I'm not entirely sure it's all about stamina, I think you've got something-- you did that on purpose. Talk to me like I'm a child, show me something I've never seen before.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"to wounds and loss of stamina. To be honest, a lot ""of people come around here for performance-enhancing fungus."" I don't know, I feel like you can excite me. I feel like there's something that you have to show that's really exciting. I'm not entirely sure it's all about stamina, I think you've got something-- you did that on purpose. Talk to me like I'm a child, show me something I've never seen before. Make a persuasion check. Not with advantage, because I don't have it, but I was so excited. Nope.",Persuasion
Insight,"has a grayish-blue color to it. He goes, ""This is ""a dried and ground fungus called skein. It's called skein because when you eat it you can see ""the weave of time."" Is that what skein means? ""It's a woven skein, it's a joke on fate-- never mind."" I thought it was very clever. ""Thank you very much. It's effective, it's popular on the outskirts where it's not so heavily ""controlled and carries a huge jail-time if caught. How much are you looking to purchase?"" I've got to be honest, I'm not made of money, but I'm always curious for a new experience.",Insight
Insight,"""controlled and carries a huge jail-time if caught. How much are you looking to purchase?"" I've got to be honest, I'm not made of money, but I'm always curious for a new experience. Can I do an insight check on this guy? Sure, go for it. See if he's trying to scam us. Go for it. Can I use my criminal background? Sure. All right, Marisha said that, not Beauregard. To know if he's actually giving what he's giving?",Insight
Persuasion,"This guy went from the Simpson's Safeway clerk to the shadiest motherfucker in a snap of time, because of your question. A big, purple, pierced demon walked into the room and was like, hello. Yes, can I help you, good sir? Yes, I can help you. I'll tell you what, because you are such a purveyor of such interesting items, I will take one of those health potions, but for 50 gold. That's the running price I've seen in neighboring towns, and I don't mean to be swindled. I assume you'd want to go ahead and give it to us for that so that we keep this a secret.",Persuasion
Deception,"tonight. Oh! If we live. While we're stopping by the post office, can I talk to the courier person? Sure. It's a young girl with short-ish brushed hair, she's boyish and freckled, and a bit dirty in the edges of her chin, she's in the process of loading up the packs on the horse, and she's wearing simple leather armor, and looks back at you. ""Can I help you?"" Yeah, I was just wondering if you had any incoming mail for the Baumbauchs? I said that I would pick it up on the way home, heading over there.",Deception
Animal Handling,"and wagon to go. (laughter) It just seems-- you're the biggest, maybe? That is mighty considerate of you, Nott. Are you sure you don't want to take a crack at it? I could take a crack at it. The wagons be hitched, hee-haw. Use your diaphragm. Really get a yee-haw, get in there. Saddle up your doggies, hee-haw. One more time, on the count of three. One, two, three. On three, I push his chest in. Yee-haw! All right. With that, her vocal expulsion is",Animal Handling
Perception,"forward. The midday air is warmer than you expected. The sky's common gray presence is broken into smaller cloud patches, the victorious blue peeking through. You guys continue for a few hours, talking amongst yourselves a bit. If there are any questions you wish to ask each other, now is the time. Any questions? Meaning if there is anything coming out of the city you wanted to talk about, otherwise I'm going to continue to push forward with your journey. So stop me at any point. Is Beau-- is her face all jibbity-jacked, or is it pretty normal-looking at this point?",Persuasion
Acrobatics,"Oh! I've got some things I was working on. Like this. You juggling those big motherfucking swords? Yeah. You watch as he balances one on the edge of the hand and then tosses it up and catches it as it falls, and takes the other one and glides it across, spins it up, catches it on his chin. On his nose  he makes it hop around. It's pretty decent. Little roll. Can you swallow it?",Acrobatics
Perception,"He can't hear you right now, unfortunately. Have you ever made him a snake? Have you ever made him a roach? He's gone to the other place. He won't be able to respond. Have you ever made him a unicorn? Oh my god. A unicorn would be really cool. That would be really cool. I'd like to see that. They exist, you know. I didn't know that. They do. As your vision crests up with the flight of",Perception
Perception,"look like they're soldiers? He can't hear you. Do they look like they're mean? Do they look like they're unicorns? Do they look like they're traders? Like traders, not traitors. He can't hear you. Do you see, are they carrying money? Are they carrying people? He won't be able to talk to you for a while. You see, he's not really there. Coming closer down the road now, the gap between your traveling troupe and this caravan grows smaller and smaller. All the rest of you,",Perception
Perception,"traders, not traitors. He can't hear you. Do you see, are they carrying money? Are they carrying people? He won't be able to talk to you for a while. You see, he's not really there. Coming closer down the road now, the gap between your traveling troupe and this caravan grows smaller and smaller. All the rest of you, I'd like to make a perception check, please. I think at this point, Frumpkin has-- I would've released it, yeah. He's not back, but I released the sight. 17.",Perception
Perception,"""Uh..."" At this point he's passed by you and his voice gets a bit louder over his shoulder and he's like, ""From this point, it's probably around 150 miles."" Thank you! The next one continues, one after another. You get a better look, too. The ones at the front that were pretty heavily covered, as opposed to the ones in the back which are a little taller, and as you look into the back, there's little flaps and openings on the inside, you can see there's families traveling. Does it look like they have any wares that they're traveling to trade?",Perception
Insight,"merchants are bringing their family with them for long treks, so they're not apart from them for so long, or their family is just a family of traders or transport. Looking past them, you can see there are a lot of supplies behind them, but you're not sure if they're wares or just their personal goods. Molly, feel like making some coin, doing a little bit of a show? Hmm. The fifth cart's now passed. You're moving on to the sixth cart. Do these people look like they're in the mood to stop? Yeah, do they look sad?",Perception
Perception,"(fake cough) Beau. Yeah, I'll take watch. Oh, sorry. Okay. Beau and who else? So generous of you. You want to do it? I was going to say, yeah. I'll take a round. I'm used to keeping an eye out on the road. So the two of you are taking point up until you guys decide to change it when it comes to travel along the road. It's just general perception? Yes. I would like you both, currently about an hour's journey past that intersection with the",Perception
Perception,"We were shitting in the bushes. A ladybug lands on his nose and goes in his nostril, but he can't feel it. Feel it?! I can feel stuff! Maybe not this. You're too focused. We worked out that he could-- okay, great. There's bugs in my nose. It tickles a little bit. Shove it all in, everybody! To be fair, your face itches in general from the sheer amount of filth that's on it. It's hard to really differentiate. In the middle of the field you hear: Ooh, look at that! What do I see?",Investigation
Investigation,"Okay. I keep flying for a little bit longer. Okay. I lift Beau up to the branch just because. Okay. Feels like childhood. Do you want up here? Yeah, I'll jump! All right, I lift her up. We sit up in the branches. Okay, cool. It's a nice view. (laughter) It's impossible to believe him. Is there anything carved in the branches, in the tree trunk?",Perception
Stealth,"What if it's nothing? Then they'll be upset with us. There's nothing more dangerous than-- I shake Beau awake. No, she's the most irritable! I'm what? Sorry. Did you say I'm fucking irritable? She said ""most beautiful."" There's a thing out there in the field. Something is moving. She can't see! She's human, too! (laughter) I'm going to go look! I can see in the dark. No, wait here! I'm going to dart off in a flanking maneuver.",Perception
Perception,"12. 11. 16. All right. The four of you, shoulder to shoulder, keeping low, making your way through the field, stepping ever so carefully. And there's this (croaking) as one of you accidentally goes completely foot down on to some sort of field frog that had been there. As the croak hits, you watch as one of the creatures (startled grunting), and they all start running away, spooked by the sound. Shit. Can we tell what they are? Now that we're closer?",Perception
Perception,"It's vaguely what I imagine a buffalo would look like. Yeah. Sorry. That was fun, let's go. Back to sleep. Silently ruffle Nott's hair on the way back to camp. Stop it. (singing) Who's got the third watch? I'll take it. Turd watch. All right. Molly has the third watch. Turd watch.",Perception
Insight,"water on his chest really quickly and (sniffing). It's briny and salty. Huh. Why are you drinking salt water? You don't know that. Oh. (in Sam's voice) Why are you drinking salt water? (laughter) Jeez, Fjord. That's a lot of drool. Does it taste like stomach acid? Because that's gross, man. Only one way to find out! Like a momma bird. Everybody have some of what I puked up. It's all good.",Insight
Insight,"Why are you drinking salt water? You don't know that. Oh. (in Sam's voice) Why are you drinking salt water? (laughter) Jeez, Fjord. That's a lot of drool. Does it taste like stomach acid? Because that's gross, man. Only one way to find out! Like a momma bird. Everybody have some of what I puked up. It's all good. I don't, I want to make an insight check. He's talking about acid reflux but he just spit a bunch of water out.",Insight
Insight,"Could we revisit that idea, perhaps? I'm sorry, the night has left me a bit shaken, and I feel like I need a moment to get my bearings, if that's all right. Ja, you can understand that we would be curious, but I don't want to push anybody. I mean, we've just met. Of course not, and I don't want to make anyone feel uneasy. Again, trying to be as transparent as I can. I don't quite understand, and I appreciate your patience in advance. And I make it vanish. You watch as it just disappears out of your grip. When he says he doesn't quite understand, is",Insight
Perception,"and there? No. They're small and waist high, and shoulder high walls that are partitions here and there, but it's largely a farming city. Not fortified at all? No, not at all. Is he within range to hit with a spell? No, he's about-- well, depends on the spell. Right now he's about 200 feet from you and he's running into the city. You can see the flames are further in but you can see the orange glow flickering in the distance. Can I do a quick scan and see if I see more?",Perception
Stealth,"figures silhouetted by flames, and other bits of light that normally fill the streets in the center of the city. Most you can see are these up here and you can already see a few bodies of guards and civilians that are lying on the ground, carved open and not moving. You see spatters of blood. You still hear them barking and giving orders next to each other (rabid barking). How far away are the ones on the roof? How long is the distance from us? Over here? At this distance it's hard to say. I'd say probably in the neighborhood of about 70 to 80 feet from you. You guys, I would like, if you are trying to stay out of sight, make a",Stealth
Performance,"up and darting over the way. They're preparing for some sort of... whatever's coming. But first of the round is you, Beau. I turn to Nott. Huh!? Hey, you want to take these guys? You ready for this? (panicked stuttering) I'm going to drink from my flask. Get ready. I want them to come to this window, okay? I'm going to go (whistles) through the window. Try and get their attention. Okay. Right there?",Performance
Athletics,"process of slamming through the front doorway, the doorway has been bashed inward on each side and Beau is in the process of dodging and weaving and getting out of the way. You find one opening and fire your crossbow bolt. It goes through the window, through the doorway bisecting the two different rooms and straight under the clavicle near the heart section of it. As it pierces in, (screams) and it coughs up a bunch of blood onto the front of its hide armor. It's not dead, but it's pretty hurt. That was a pretty nasty blow. Movement, I will use to climb up into the second floor window. That's not me. The one next to your right. There you go.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"pressing into you. There's a table that's on fire, most of the roof has been burned away. There's beams that have fallen. You're like, ""This was a ""bad idea!"" I say: This is fine! (laughter) Can I use my dash? Was that all my movement? No, that was your movement to get up there and you could use your bonus action if you'd like to. Okay, I'll use a bonus action to get-- Is towards the window less fiery? It's still burning, but you're going to have to leap over the flames to get there. Sure.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"It is plus five. That's a 20. Sorry, plus four. That's a 19. 19 definitely hits. Go ahead and roll 1d6 damage plus two. Two hands technically, so that would be 1d8. Sorry. Yeah, that's much better. Nine. Nine. Nein! It jams the spear with both hands into its friend and the gnoll yelps and grabs it and pulls it out and looks at it confused and angry. Trying to figure out what exactly happened. As it does so, it's going to attempt to shove it off the wall that just hit it. Make a roll for the",Athletics
Perception,"Then I use the rest of my movement to press my back against the wall and go nein, nein, nein. As you move out, where are you at now? Still behind the same building. You dart out and fire, and then back. All righty. That ends your turn. Nott! Just a little perspective here. The gnolls pushing away the cart, how many are there? And what are they--? There are currently three that are gathered around it and in the process of pushing it. They're getting momentum as it's going. No obvious weak points on the cart or anything?",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Well, there's still one left on the ground, which we'll say for the purposes of narrative here, who wants to do this? What, you really want to do something? Is it our turn soon? Caleb and me? Yeah. Well, when we come back around, it would be Molly's turn, Jester, then Caleb and Nott. So whatever you guys want to do in this moment before it comes back, let me know. I would like to jump down from the wall and run as fast as I can after the leader and the cart. Really? Whoa!",Acrobatics
Survival,"Oh, shit. With his movement, he puts the bow back away and keeps walking with the rest of the gnolls. I grab Fjord and I say, just wait. Wait. Let them go. You watch as all of them turn around and they all begin to gather. You hear this cacophony of different gibbering cries in the distance as they're all starting to call themselves back to leave the city. They all step into the clouds of smoke and ash in the distance before eventually all the shapes disappear. I want to watch them as far as I can to try and pinpoint a direction that they're heading in.",Survival
Investigation,"I feel really bad for saying that out loud. ""Let's just not let Thadeus know that his life is--"" I have a question. After listening to this for a while, I start looking around the town, would you say that with all these burnt buildings everywhere, that if I start picking through the rubble I would find enough charcoal to reduce the costs I would need for Find Familiar, eventually? Because I still need the incense and the herbs, but if I get a lot of charcoal from these burnt homes-- I will say if you take 30 minutes to find",Investigation
Sleight of Hand,"I'll go in for this if it means a faster breakfast. The two of you jump in with Crute in what is a not very well-kept kitchen, but functional. The gristle, who knows how long it's been there. It might add to the flavor, who knows. A-rating for the city of Los Angeles? We'll put it at a B in Panorama City. Wow, that's an in-joke. You guys go ahead and help out. It does manage to cut down the time for breakfast preparation. Eventually food is presented. After we've cooked, I'm going to switch out his salt for his sugar.",Sleight of Hand
Persuasion,"""meats, the dried meats, the fresh meats, the butchered meats. They cleared out the butcher down ""the street."" Shrimp scampi. Butterfly shrimp. Coconut shrimp. Fried shrimp. Don't engage them. We're all going to die now. ""That's a real curious-looking face you got there."" Excuse me, I saw in the middle of the fray-- Sir. Excuse me. In Halfling, I say to him, I've also been a victim of a horrible attack.",Persuasion
Religion,"""this entity that they worship. It has a name."" Pulls out a few small notes. Fire hydrant. Does it start with an A? Sometimes if you go down through the alphabet, A, B-- As you're saying this, they pull a small series of notes from their pocket. ""Yeenoghu."" With a Y? That would have taken forever. Let that be a lesson, young halfling. With a Y? Yeenogru? Yeenoghu. ""I don't know how to pronounce it, I only read it. I apologize."" Do I know anything about Yeenoghu?",Religion
Religion,"Pulls out a few small notes. Fire hydrant. Does it start with an A? Sometimes if you go down through the alphabet, A, B-- As you're saying this, they pull a small series of notes from their pocket. ""Yeenoghu."" With a Y? That would have taken forever. Let that be a lesson, young halfling. With a Y? Yeenogru? Yeenoghu. ""I don't know how to pronounce it, I only read it. I apologize."" Do I know anything about Yeenoghu? Make a religion check. With advantage.",Religion
Insight,"""I got incense!"" To the point, I like it. I would like to spend about 20 gold worth of incense. Do you have that much? I don't mean cheap shit. ""What kind of establishment do you take me for?"" Well, it's a barn, ja? ""Touché."" He wanders away from there and gathers any semblance of anything that could be considered incense to some degree. It's a massive volume, it's-- when he said quality over quantity, this is definitely a quantity circumstance. Two big burlap sacks filled with all sorts of fine ground herbs and things that could amount to--",Insight
Deception,"""steed, you'd probably have to go to the On the Wind Stables. They're going to be your best bet."" Where would those be? ""Right--"" and points over towards the northern side of the town. It's one of the buildings that's taken a little bit of fire damage. Are you concerned about the people that live in this town? Clock's ticking on their lives and you want me to go get a steed from another stable instead of saving their lives? ""It's not--"" I sure would hate to have to report this to Bryce. I think they'd be pretty upset about it.",Deception
Survival,"scavenged bits of leather and hide armors. But did it have holes for their butts? It seemed like most of them would have had some means of disposing of their excrement. They don't care, they're swinging low and leaving it behind. They weren't very well-dressed. If that's the direction you saw them head off in, check it out. I'll be on the lookout for cart tracks. As we go, and also, we didn't have time, so here, off you go. I will sit in the cart and go blind. Okay. While you are sending Frumpkin to keep a watch, you are keeping an eye out",Perception
Survival,"The last one. Okay, can I get like an odd estimate of maybe how many gnolls we might be dealing with based on the amount of tracks? With that roll, I'd say you surmise somewhere in the neighborhood of about 18 or so gnolls. From what you can gather on the tracks that you found. Would my Hunter's Bane be useful for that? For tracking these creatures? You can attempt to glean information. Since they technically have some undead around them? For the specific-- sure. Go ahead and make a",Survival
Perception,"there's a fuckton of them. That's it. Yeah, that is bad news. Are the carts all heading in the same direction or would they split up? They all converge into one path. They head through the relatively thin woods that surround the northeastern side of Alfield. As you progress on that path out to the other side of the woods, continue into the northeastern fields where the rolling hills begin, these hills seem to go on for miles. Frumpkin would be in the air 300-400 feet in front of the cart and I wouldn't do 100% of the time, but I would talk for three minutes and then maybe hold on one sec (magic sound effect) and then come back. So intermittent.",Perception
Perception,"to here, or-- Yeah, it's about up to your chest at times. Waist to chest. It varies. If I stand up in the cart as we go, can I see out into the grass? Yeah, if you wanted. What if I gave Jester a ride on my shoulders? While we walked. On a moving cart? What could possibly go wrong? You've seen Teen Wolf, ja? In the cart, and I'm holding you. It'd be kind of cool! I'll allow it. Go ahead and make a",Persuasion
Perception,"barely holding you, the elbows start to buckle a bit, but rallies and (groans) holds you up above. You flatten your back out and give a graceful pose as you look ahead. I'm flying! I'm flying, Jack! (strained) Yeah, you are! King of the world! As you guys are coming up over a hill, you get a good view down, and you can see between the tall grass and the high weeds that are beginning to cluster this vicinity, there is a series of large hills that all break down into this valley where the grass just ends in this area. It looks like it's barren rock and dirt. You notice, with",Perception
Perception,"see? They appear to be empty. They're empty! Abandoned? Maybe. I'm going to start drinking. Jester, I'm going to put you down. Okay. How much do you drink? I'm going to take three big swigs. Okay, good to know. I would like to use Frumpkin to do a once-around from above to see if any of those beasts are on the horizon anywhere for us to kill, and also if there are any survivors or anything here.",Perception
Survival,"whistle or something? To communicate with each other? I'm open to it, if you have any. Oh, what was that thing you did in the circus? That was cool. (whistling) (spitting noise) I can't do that. (various whistling noises) How about we don't make any noise at all, but we just sneak in? Yeah, let's do that. Having placed the cart where what you assume is the best you can hide it, who is helming the hiding of the cart? Me!",Survival
Stealth,"I don't want to be on an end. I don't want you to be on the end. I don't mind being on an end. How about that? Yeah, I imagine that the ends are going to be where you need the most strength, right? I would grab Nott by the shoulder and pull us into the middle somehow. You want to be in the middle? Yes. Let's walk with Molly. There. Boom. Got it. Great. All right. We have: Molly, Nott, Caleb, Jester, Beau, then Fjord. Okay. I would like you",Investigation
Perception,"okay? Hands are sweaty? Just was faster than I thought. Hey, look! We can use this hyena meat as bait! You're right. I'm going to go pull my bolt out of the thing. Is it recoverable? Good shot. Yeah, thankfully it was a clean enough shot, didn't seem to get caught or shatter against any of the bones. Quick perimeter check to see if we alerted anything, anything's looking at us.",Investigation
Investigation,"There's no mine hole? You don't see one at the moment. I'll take a look around to see if there's anything, where they started or anything like that? I'll take the opposite side that he's doing. I'm going to look in the carts. Okay. You look in the carts, and they are empty. You see a few wayward pieces of cloth, everything in there is bloodied and caked, and has streaks of it being licked up. It looks like the hyenas had been at it for a while, trying to clear off what was left behind from wherever the bodies that were within were taken. I would like you both",Investigation
Survival,"anything, where they started or anything like that? I'll take the opposite side that he's doing. I'm going to look in the carts. Okay. You look in the carts, and they are empty. You see a few wayward pieces of cloth, everything in there is bloodied and caked, and has streaks of it being licked up. It looks like the hyenas had been at it for a while, trying to clear off what was left behind from wherever the bodies that were within were taken. I would like you both to make investigation checks, please. And you're following the tracks? Mm-hmm.",Survival
Survival,"Okay. You look in the carts, and they are empty. You see a few wayward pieces of cloth, everything in there is bloodied and caked, and has streaks of it being licked up. It looks like the hyenas had been at it for a while, trying to clear off what was left behind from wherever the bodies that were within were taken. I would like you both to make investigation checks, please. And you're following the tracks? Mm-hmm. Make a survival check. With advantage? Because there are undead as a part of this, I will let you.",Survival
Perception,"don't have darkvision, do they? No. It's a night sparrow, he should have said. No, it is a regular sparrow. My only concern is if we draw them out, there could be more than us, right? I just want to get a quick peek, if we can. Well, I mean, I can send him in there, he'll probably hit the wall a few times, but if there's any fire or anything-- You wouldn't mind? No, you know, I can always bring him back, but be careful, all right? But there he goes. Yeah, there's no light in there. About 25",Perception
Perception,"Yeah, you won't be able to see anything through it. 21. 21. What faint light is coming in from the interior-- are you looking through? Yeah, I am. Yeah. As soon as you come inside, about 40 feet in, the shaft widens into a common area. You see a handful of tables, some chairs, similar to what was placed within the barricade, some sacks strewn about, some torn open and scattered across the ground, some that are still lobbed in the corner. Is that from a light source inside, or from sunlight coming in?",Perception
Perception,"inside. Oh shit. I'm okay, it was just wood. What's going on? I've heard a confusing thing. Something fell down, but okay, we're good. I think we might have lost the element of surprise. Is it a bigger space in here? It is, actually. It opens up to be about 35 feet across from side to side, about 45 or 50 towards the end and then it seems to descend into two different pathways. Any signs of life? Anything?",Perception
Investigation,"Any signs of life? Anything? Make a perception check. Eight. At the moment, no. But as you're glancing about, you can see that there are bags of supplies that are partially sundered and torn open. You can see tools, some that look pretty interesting, there's a crowbar on the ground across the way, there's other sacks that haven't been spoiled yet. You see some of the burlap is dry rotted and pulls right apart, and it looks like there might be some useful things in this chamber. Okay. Real quick, I'll just poke through one of the bags.",Investigation
Investigation,"They both have the wooden frame for support. Wooden shafts. Come on, you people. We need a corner, and a camera for the corner, and a long paper hat for you to put you in the corner. I didn't even react to it, he had to point it out. Looking around, it looks like this was a common area. This is the closest chamber to the exterior of the mine. It looks like there were a number of tables here, that a lot of them have been knocked over and broken. A lot of what would have filled this chamber has been pushed into the barricade you saw up front. You're helming the",Investigation
Stealth,"Okay, she needs another shot. You want me to go ahead again? Yeah. Oh boy. Which one are we going down, though? There's two entrances, aren't there? There are two paths, yes. I'll go down one, just a little ways, and then I'll come back. You should actually stealth, though, this time, okay? I will stealth. I'm going to stealth. You have a blessing. And search for traps.",Stealth
Investigation,"I will stealth. I'm going to stealth. You have a blessing. And search for traps. Okay, so make a stealth check first. With advantage. Oh good. Okay, 20-something. Well, with advantage, but then disadvantage from the drunk, so it's just a straight roll. The first roll? Yes. 13. Okay, good to know. Then you're going to check for traps? Yes.",Investigation
Stealth,"coming here or-- Yeah, I don't mind commiting to one of these tunnels, I just want to make sure nothing comes behind us or comes up from the other way. Yeah, that's a good suggestion. First, what are we doing? What did you find out down that way? It just keeps going and starts snaking, and there's no traps, though. Let's go down the right one. Why? I think we should also send you down that one as well to have a look around. All right. Here I go. (laughter)",Stealth
Investigation,"It just keeps going and starts snaking, and there's no traps, though. Let's go down the right one. Why? I think we should also send you down that one as well to have a look around. All right. Here I go. (laughter) Make a stealth check, please. Okay, and looking for traps. Stealth with-- Disadvantage. No. Oh, it's straight roll because-- Okay, 25. 24. Something. It's a lot.",Stealth
Perception,"is now strewn with bones and flayed skin pinned to the rock walls with scavenged nails, blood spattered across them with intent painted a jagged smile of sharp teeth on each of these four hides. A faint source of light in the center flickers, a small stone altar holding a cluster of candles in the central level platform. It looks like about six gnoll-like figures have gathered around this stone-- We were stealthing, we were stealthing. I know. We're going to get to that in just a second. Okay. While a strange seventh figure places small wet stones upon this altar, smaller than the other",Investigation
Perception,"six gnoll-like figures have gathered around this stone-- We were stealthing, we were stealthing. I know. We're going to get to that in just a second. Okay. While a strange seventh figure places small wet stones upon this altar, smaller than the other gnolls. Let's get a perception check real fast from two of you. Who's leading the-- I would have been bringing them down, right? You can see in the dark. Yeah, I can see in the dark, I'll look. We'll say since you two would be in the front then for that, you jumped up first.",Stealth
Stealth,"wet stones upon this altar, smaller than the other gnolls. Let's get a perception check real fast from two of you. Who's leading the-- I would have been bringing them down, right? You can see in the dark. Yeah, I can see in the dark, I'll look. We'll say since you two would be in the front then for that, you jumped up first. Perception check, both of you. Five. This sucks. 11. Okay, so you don't see much of the figure. Also, right now, I'll have you guys all do a",Perception
Stealth,"similar thing, have them see something behind them, but you can do the same thing. Yours are already cast, right? Not right now, no. But it's like that (snaps), it's easy, this one. Okay. I could try to get one of them to fight with one of the other ones of them. Yeah, that's good. Do that. I'm going to sneak up, down the steps to that little crook in there. Right here? Little further back, yeah. Is that all right? Do I have to roll or anything?",Stealth
Stealth,"to splinter the middle of the arm bone and try to get the marrow out of that. Are you going to do your thing? Are you about to go? I don't know. You tell me. I'm going to really quickly mutter a few arcane words, then there is another Caleb blinking in front of me a little bit and behind me a little bit. It is hard to see me at the moment. Are you casting Blur or Mirror Image? What are those words? I want to know for my own sake. I don't care. Can I get more into a place with Beau? In",Stealth
Stealth,"It's technically a dexterity ability check so it would be disadvantage, yeah. Two, so six. That is so sad. 25 to 20? 23. Yes. Fjord, what did you get? Four. Sorry. So who else rolled a natural 20? I did, but I got a disadvantage. Right, yeah. But don't you have advantage with-- On stealth.",Stealth
Insight,"Can we cheers swords? Tink. Perfect. Their bodies stumble to the ground and end up-- it's weird because their bodies hit the ground, and the momentum carries them as they slide across the ball bearings, almost like they're lagging. Bad physics? What's that-- kerning? Curling. Finished the hyenas' round. Nott, you're up. Seeing the gnoll's expression, I know it well. It's one of fear and about to run away. (laughter)",Insight
Perception,"It's an action you said? It's an action to apply it, yeah. There was a lot of gnoll chatter in here, and a lot of exploding orbs and stuff, so I'm going to guess that we have alerted whatever is beyond that we are here. How do we wish to proceed? Well, they make a lot of noise. They may not have noticed. Can I, since I'm in that general vicinity, go 20 or so feet into this hole and listen and see if I hear anything? They don't send orbs of fire through the air, though. As you step forward a little bit, make a",Perception
Investigation,"I bend down-- You hear a few other cackling chuckles that echo shortly thereafter. I turn around and come back to the rest There's something bigger. Jester, could you give me a heal a little bit? I took a little bit of a beating. Oh sure. Yeah, I'll cast Cure Wounds on him. I think there's something bigger at play here. Whatever is driving these gnolls I think is deeper in. Can I look around and see if I can find anything like any papers, anything from that humanoid that might be intelligible?",Investigation
Religion,"smaller pieces of fresher flesh that have been stretched over the edges of the altar, like on the corners. You can see a similar grin across the center. It's all blood splattered from the hearts that were placed on there. As you wipe a little bit of it away, you can see stained into this loosely tanned human skin the same symbol of the jagged smile. The jagged teeth that form a grin that the various tanned banners that are stapled into the stone walls show and reveal. But no notes. No books, no parchment. Can I try and figure out what this is, if I recognize this symbol in any way? I'd also like to join in on that with a",Religion
Religion,"stretched over the edges of the altar, like on the corners. You can see a similar grin across the center. It's all blood splattered from the hearts that were placed on there. As you wipe a little bit of it away, you can see stained into this loosely tanned human skin the same symbol of the jagged smile. The jagged teeth that form a grin that the various tanned banners that are stapled into the stone walls show and reveal. But no notes. No books, no parchment. Can I try and figure out what this is, if I recognize this symbol in any way? I'd also like to join in on that with a religion check.",Religion
Insight,"Well he seemed to be stabilized. I think the best thing we could do is to get him to safety. I agree. What were you doing down here? We ourselves were comin' down trying to rescue folks. I tend to look over the people who happen to be around here. I come by every once in a while. I used to live and grew up in this place, or in the valley not too far from here. Probably just like you, I heard a commotion. I've taken a few of these people to safety. I've been trying to do it less overtly than some of you. We do make a bit of a clatter. We're working on it.",Insight
Investigation,"cavern, I guess you'd say. Shaft. Yes, the shaft. That's a good way of putting it. That boom you may have heard happened to come from me, so we've got a little bit less to have to deal with. This, I really don't know what's going on. Oh, speaking of, I stand up and I walk to the door where the little kid was pulled from. Wait, Nott, do you want to let her take a look at it? In case it could blow up on you. I've seen their traps. I know their methods! Are there any ropes across the door? Let me look! Are there?",Investigation
Investigation,"How many dead bodies do you think I could carry? You could drag two. I'll take a couple as well. Because you're pretty strong, you could drag two bodies. I'm going to try to drag some of the dead out-- Everybody else can take one each, I think, based on your strengths. You can take none. Yeah, my dragging days are over. We're going to look around, see if there's anything of interest. All right, so two of you can make",Investigation
Investigation,"You can't smell it. No, it smells good to me! Could be good bait later. That's why I'm taking it. Any baubles or little doodads? Nothing in this chamber, unfortunately. This one has either been picked clean or didn't contain anything of immediate worth in the process. Oh, I don't care about worth. I mean, there are plenty of bodies you could rummage through if you wanted to, but. As we're walking them, Nott's going through the pockets. Anything explosive?",Investigation
Perception,"He's got a Frumpkin too! I'm dragging the bodies going, Duchess! Duchess Stacy, please come over to me! Duchess Stacy! Grand Duchess. Grand Duchess Stacy! We make our way back up to the top. I'll have you all-- You can't make stealth checks. You're dragging bodies. Who's carrying  how many bodies are you bringing back? One. Two. That's four, five, six, seven. I will go ahead of the party to run point.",Perception
Perception,"this. I would say that I did not partake in any of that. As soon as we exited efficiently, I pulled out the silver thread and I'm already doing my thing while they do that. I would say, to the people inside: Stay safe, stay here. I look at everyone else and say: this isn't over. Let's go. Let's go. That's a badass motherfucker, I'm just saying. Yeah. I'm so about it. He's so cool. I know. Number one fan club.",Stealth
Stealth,"Let's go. Let's go. That's a badass motherfucker, I'm just saying. Yeah. I'm so about it. He's so cool. I know. Number one fan club. I guess we do not need a perception check. All the bodies are placed in a small pile and a large heavy piece of canvas material is placed over them to hide them. The shed is closed and locked, and they all seem to feel, at least for the moment, comfort and safety in this space, as you all begin to delve once more into the mines beneath the hills. I would like you all to make a",Stealth
Perception,"tomorrow. Thanks for that. (laughter) He and I, we are like that. It's going on, it's going. He's very charming. I feel like we're seeing more of Caleb's social awkwardness, seeing him from the outside, it's so good. It's everything I could've wanted. As you take a moment to continue focusing, as you do, through the vision of your bird, (hovering hum) coasts down through the tunnel before you to keep an eye out.",Perception
Stealth,"I'm not interested in a relationship right now. Well, this isn't working at all. Offer her shiny things. Ah, you know what? You know the way this is turning out, I feel like you can get all kinds of gold and silver. Oh, yes! Pretty things. Sure, yes! Exactly. Yes, absolutely. Give me something. Oh well, it's waiting for you just down the hall. All you got to do is take care of a creature quietly and quickly. I feel inspired.",Stealth
Stealth,"You can do it. I can do it. Here we go. Sure, 18 to hit. 18 hits. 21. Hits. Roll damage. No sneak attack, unfortunately. Five. All right. Damage on you. On my bonus action, I'll cast Hex as well. That's five points of necrotic. Is my Guidance still helping at all? The Guidance only helps for the next six",Stealth
Perception,"As the gnoll pulling back its arrows, about to give out a large bellowing cry, makes a large inhale as it pulls back a second arrow and then both of you slam into it and watch as it falls to the ground, dropping its weapons that clatter against the stonework. It's not longer moving as you guys catch up. I go running past them right as they do it and cut its ears off. I'm opening up the jar. There you are. Thank you. Pull it back into the tunnel! Oh okay. I do that. Okay. You drag it back in, while you're down",Perception
Stealth,"As you rush down and grab the body, you glance up and whereas previously he described there was the singular gnoll and the two other skeletal ones in the opposite side, it appears that since it was given some indication of nearby sounds and it made that brief call before it began to approach, there are a few more gnolls that have appeared at the top of the platform above where the stairs crest. Do they see us? No, they do not at the moment, but only because they're not looking at your direction. As soon as you see it you immediately drag the body out of the way. I would like you both make a",Stealth
Stealth,Do you know how to do that? I could try. Let's try later. Why don't we do things we've done before? (laughter) What are you guys doing? Are we doing this? Let's fucking go. We're going to go in or-- this doesn't seem very smart! I don't know. I rub her head and give her a little blessing. Don't you worry. You keep hiding whenever you need it. What is this blessing?,Persuasion
Sleight of Hand,"the shot and watch as it hits right in the sternum and pulls back its spear and with its final thrust of momentum, falls to the ground into a pile and is now bleeding out of its mouth as it's unconscious and dying on the ground. I'm a really good fighter you guys! Bonus action, I will cast Mage Hand and pull back the cloak around Shakäste's cloak, to see what's in his back pocket. Can you cast it as a bonus action? You can use it as a bonus action. Meaning you cast it as an action. You can't do that yet. Then I will do this with my hand.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"and pulls back its spear and with its final thrust of momentum, falls to the ground into a pile and is now bleeding out of its mouth as it's unconscious and dying on the ground. I'm a really good fighter you guys! Bonus action, I will cast Mage Hand and pull back the cloak around Shakäste's cloak, to see what's in his back pocket. Can you cast it as a bonus action? You can use it as a bonus action. Meaning you cast it as an action. You can't do that yet. Then I will do this with my hand. Make a sleight of hand check. I need you to",Sleight of Hand
Acrobatics,"shit? Yeah, it doesn't affect this roll, unfortunately. It's just a straight roll. Oh, it doesn't? Nope. It's a contested roll. You got this. (chanting) Monk monk monk. (glumly) I know what he rolled. It's a natural 20. (yelling) You can come look at The Snitch right now. You did this! If I die it's on your head! You can make this go away at any time.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"It's pretty big. Seven points I heal. That's fucking sweet. Which means to bluff. To blathe! That ends Jester's turn. That brings us to Beau. (groaning) You're like (groaning). You get up from prone, so it's half your movement. Fuck, that's half of my damn movement? All right. Can I do some cool monk shit and do like a (wall jumping) to get out? It is a small enough space, I'll let you",Athletics
Athletics,"It's pretty big. Seven points I heal. That's fucking sweet. Which means to bluff. To blathe! That ends Jester's turn. That brings us to Beau. (groaning) You're like (groaning). You get up from prone, so it's half your movement. Fuck, that's half of my damn movement? All right. Can I do some cool monk shit and do like a (wall jumping) to get out? It is a small enough space, I'll let you",Athletics
Investigation,"I'm here more than you these days. You better hide that thing. Other people's dice. All those dice that you could check before the game. You could roll them. Bringing it back in, guys. We're all real good friends. I know. (laughter) No. Congratulations, Marisha. So happy for you. You guys, finishing this fray, you gather the gnoll ears as well as-- Rummage through their bodies.",Investigation
Stealth,"You are the best thing. Here is three gold for you. How much was in there? There's seven gold left. Here's three gold for you. Where does Shakäste? Mm-hmm. Shakäste. Where does Shakäste put the gold? Where does Shakäste put the gold? I put it in my-- You can do it discreetly if you want to. Well, I suppose a blind man does put his gold in his back pocket pretty discreetly, actually. He doesn't have to look at it.",Persuasion
Perception,"Where does Shakäste put the gold? I put it in my-- You can do it discreetly if you want to. Well, I suppose a blind man does put his gold in his back pocket pretty discreetly, actually. He doesn't have to look at it. Make a stealth check. Or a sleight of hand check. Three gold for you. I've got one gold left. Yeah, I'll take it. It's a nine. Plus what's your sleight of hand skill? Sleight of hand is plus five.",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"which is now covering most of his torso and you have no idea where it got put. How much silver did you say there was? Two silver. Do I notice her looking at me? I mean, does Anastasia notice her looking at me? I mean, no more than anybody looks at anybody. All right. The little goblin girl isn't leering at you. I mean, has been leering at you since you arrived but nothing in a way that catches your attention. Nothing out of the ordinary. Very good. Nice to know.",Insight
Perception,"All right. Horrible bastard. Go ahead and mark nine gold pieces off of your total and you take nine gold. I'm going for that pouch. The whole pouch? You're going for the whole-- Wait, I wouldn't feel the entire pouch being pulled off of my-- You don't, unfortunately, because your senses. Well wait, no, it's sight and hearing, isn't it? It's sight and hearing for Find Familiar. That's right! I take it back. He didn't react to you being touched earlier, but I need you",Persuasion
Stealth,"Okay. Before you go sneaking around the side. Can I have a ball bearing, please? Sure. You can have a few. I hand him a handful. Thank you. Did you just want that because it's shiny? Yeah. Oh, Nott. (laughter) I will cast Mage Hand and hold one ball bearing. I'm getting ready to move stealthily. If I can have all of you who are approaching",Stealth
Stealth,"Actually, yeah. You're the only one who would notice something. You don't see anything, never mind. All right, so-- Say that again. You didn't notice anything in particular, other than just seeing this scene. Nothing at all. You know nothing! So stealth is 23. 13. Nine. 18. 19. All right. Did you know that you can't see? I'm blind.",Stealth
Stealth,"never mind. All right, so-- Say that again. You didn't notice anything in particular, other than just seeing this scene. Nothing at all. You know nothing! So stealth is 23. 13. Nine. 18. 19. All right. Did you know that you can't see? I'm blind. Caleb, what's your stealth roll? Oh. It was really good. It was a 16 total.",Stealth
Stealth,"13. Nine. 18. 19. All right. Did you know that you can't see? I'm blind. Caleb, what's your stealth roll? Oh. It was really good. It was a 16 total. 16. What did you roll for stealth check? How do you see things? The bird. The bird, baby, the bird. That's hot.",Stealth
Stealth,"Nine. 18. 19. All right. Did you know that you can't see? I'm blind. Caleb, what's your stealth roll? Oh. It was really good. It was a 16 total. 16. What did you roll for stealth check? How do you see things? The bird. The bird, baby, the bird. That's hot. Shakäste, what's your stealth check please?",Stealth
Stealth,"Nine. 18. 19. All right. Did you know that you can't see? I'm blind. Caleb, what's your stealth roll? Oh. It was really good. It was a 16 total. 16. What did you roll for stealth check? How do you see things? The bird. The bird, baby, the bird. That's hot. Shakäste, what's your stealth check please?",Stealth
Stealth,"I'm the only problem. Yeah, which is good because that means the rest of the group picked up for you. That's right, it's 24. As you guys approach, those of you who can see in the dark, you can't quite see your quarry. You'd have to get closer in because I believe it's a 60 foot darkvision radius for most of you guys. Which means you can see to about there. Okay. We suck. I can see the stalagmites? I believe Anastasia could fly in and hide behind the stalagmite.",Stealth
Sleight of Hand,"there. Over here? No, like-- Over here? Yeah. All the way around. Okay. Whereas the female manticore, (flapping). The wind picks up and dust begins to spiral and briefly obfuscates the area. The manticore flies  with an impact, lands on the opposite side, right where the ball bearing is and (sniffs). ""Company."" All right, what are you guys doing? I'm going straight for the Mage Hand to untie them.",Sleight of Hand
Persuasion,"having a really rough time. (sighs) Should I waste my action on this shit? I'm still hidden, yeah? As far as you know. There's also another dude. Another dude? Oh, you mean the bad guy. There's the priest. Yeah. Not another good guy. Ah fuck. I'm going to use Message and point to one of the guards that I just untied. They're not guards, they're civilians. Or whatever, the civilians and say to him: The second after the priest casts a spell, grab your friend and run.",Persuasion
Perception,"I'm going to douse the flames. I'm going to run down to the priest and douse the flames, and then give Caleb a good slap on the face. Okay. Caleb comes to. (slapping) Hey! Back in the game! Time for that later. You all right? Yeah. All right. Big kiss on the forehead and then walking away. I'm-- No, please. I was just going to say, I'm going to do a quick scan. See if there's anything of interest.",Investigation
Investigation,"I'll definitely take the adornments from the priest. Okay. From that, there was a set of goggles that were affixed over the priest's eyes, of a dark lens. Can I see? If I can see in the dark. I need night vision goggles! You do. There is also that reddish glove that was affixed to his right hand. Don't touch it! I wonder if that makes spells better. (gasps) I'll run up onto the nest and start looking for stuff.",Investigation
Arcana,"Was it for the manticore? It looks like it would have been the size for a manticore. Since you rolled so high in investigation, you also notice that these manacles, which are open, have a single rune pressed into where they meet and lock in place, as there is no other visible locking mechanism. You are unable to really, at the moment, ascertain the nature of it. These manacles are fresh, they're clean compared to all the other stuff in here. They are there. Are the runes recognizable in any way? Make an arcana-- are you proficient in arcana?",Arcana
Arcana,"are unable to really, at the moment, ascertain the nature of it. These manacles are fresh, they're clean compared to all the other stuff in here. They are there. Are the runes recognizable in any way? Make an arcana-- are you proficient in arcana? I'll make an arcana check. Are you proficient in arcana? I have a pretty high bonus, I don't think I'm proficient in it. I would like to sit on my ass and look at the ground. I am proficient in it.",Arcana
Sleight of Hand,"all happen. It is riveting. Don't you need to pull out your book so you can look at your spells? It's already out. Oh. You know when you play D&D, you don't narrate taking a pooper, but you can assume that the characters take a pooper every day. (chagrined) I narrated it. This is true. Some things just happen. While he's doing everything he's doing, I'm going try to very subtly draw a dick in his book.",Sleight of Hand
Insight,Ten minutes later. Yep. Look at the majesty of this. What is it? It's a wand of dickbutts. How fortunate. (sighs) What is it? That's the: Do I tell them or do I not? What is it?! It's fascinating. (laughter) Oh. Do you know how to use wands? Of course I do. Is she full of shit? What do I roll?,Insight
Nature,"You're right. The place where I came from, you got-- certain regions are going to make certain kinds of wines. That might tell us where it's come from. And, what do you think-- I think the ""oblodoro"" I think that's a code. ""Toordolbo."" I think it's bloodroot. Oh, bloodroot, that's good. That sounds like a thing, right? What if it's the ""boltodoor?"" That's a possibility. I haven't ruled anything out yet. Bloodroot is probably pretty good, though. Do I know of bloodroot?",Nature
Nature,"from, you got-- certain regions are going to make certain kinds of wines. That might tell us where it's come from. And, what do you think-- I think the ""oblodoro"" I think that's a code. ""Toordolbo."" I think it's bloodroot. Oh, bloodroot, that's good. That sounds like a thing, right? What if it's the ""boltodoor?"" That's a possibility. I haven't ruled anything out yet. Bloodroot is probably pretty good, though. Do I know of bloodroot? Make a nature check.",Nature
Nature,"it's come from. And, what do you think-- I think the ""oblodoro"" I think that's a code. ""Toordolbo."" I think it's bloodroot. Oh, bloodroot, that's good. That sounds like a thing, right? What if it's the ""boltodoor?"" That's a possibility. I haven't ruled anything out yet. Bloodroot is probably pretty good, though. Do I know of bloodroot? Make a nature check. Nature check. Would I know bloodroot?",Nature
Nature,"the ""oblodoro"" I think that's a code. ""Toordolbo."" I think it's bloodroot. Oh, bloodroot, that's good. That sounds like a thing, right? What if it's the ""boltodoor?"" That's a possibility. I haven't ruled anything out yet. Bloodroot is probably pretty good, though. Do I know of bloodroot? Make a nature check. Nature check. Would I know bloodroot? Make a nature check. You both may make a",Nature
History,"""I'll return in the next 15 minutes."" Starosta turns and gives a long look of simmering fury behind a forced smile to Jester. Spins around then walks off in a haughty march to wherever he came from. He really should have changed his hair, I mean it's pretty hideous. You may be my new hero. How is it that you saw him before? Oh, he visited my mother years ago. And your mother's The Ruby of The Sea? Yes, The Ruby of The Sea. You've heard of her? I have now. Have I heard of her?",History
Insight,"It's only a matter of time before they don't. We have to go. It's like you were born in the circus. I'm so impressed. It's so true. Yeah, let's leave while we're on a high note. We want to find a bigger city to disappear into. Okay. Hey, Caleb. Ja. Do you have kids? No.",Persuasion
Insight,"We want to find a bigger city to disappear into. Okay. Hey, Caleb. Ja. Do you have kids? No. Insight check. All right. 20. 20? Seems, straight and narrow. All right. Did you have kids? No.",Insight
Animal Handling,"Let's go. All right. Durmas gets behind and pushes the cart out as the horses clomp out. ""My business is paid, good luck."" She goes back into the stable and goes about her work. Oh the open road. Back on the road again. It's crisp out. I like it. Who is going to be driving this thing? I could drive this thing. I tried it last time, maybe I'll try again this time. I like it.",Animal Handling
Perception,"Oh, okay. Never mind then. Who has a (fut fut)? I have a (fut fut). Okay, then do it. (fire burning) It doesn't make much of a (fut fut), much to your disappointment. But a fire is built. You all begin to bed down for the evening, and who's taking first watch? I am. Okay. You can break it up between, probably let's say, three watches over a casual evening. I'll take the second. I'll take the last.",Perception
Perception,"(fire burning) It doesn't make much of a (fut fut), much to your disappointment. But a fire is built. You all begin to bed down for the evening, and who's taking first watch? I am. Okay. You can break it up between, probably let's say, three watches over a casual evening. I'll take the second. I'll take the last. Perception check from you, please. Yeah, okay. Ten. Okay. An uneventful evening continues for you. You trade off to Fjord. Fjord, make a",Perception
Perception,"let's say, three watches over a casual evening. I'll take the second. I'll take the last. Perception check from you, please. Yeah, okay. Ten. Okay. An uneventful evening continues for you. You trade off to Fjord. Fjord, make a perception check. Nine. Your mighty nine allows you to keep an eye out as the dark perimeter seems to bring no shapes or movements of interest other than the occasional sound of the wind blowing through the fields and the distant dark. Then your watch is up.",Perception
Perception,"Seven. Oh god! It's gotten lower and lower. Keeping an eye out, best you can, the sleep takes you eventually and you end up cheating on the last few hours of your watch. Nevertheless, you all come to consciousness in the morning intact and fine. You begin your way further on the road for a second day. Now, who's guiding the-- I would say more of who's keeping a perimeter watch during the next day's journey? I will. I'll help. All right. So one of you two, we'll say",Perception
Perception,"similar to the size of the cart that you have, but it has some cushioned seats set up in the back. You look towards three, well dressed individuals that are looking miserable. They're sitting in the back of the cart as it rides by with a single coachman whose single horse is pulling it along with a rather rapid pace. You watch as they begin to approach, the few bumps that hit the road are hitting them relatively hard because of the pace of which they're keeping. Some of them kind of get flung up, and you watch their hair get mussed and they quickly put it back into place. What kind of cargo does it look like they have?",Perception
Perception,"That's only fair! Yes, that sounds good. I'll take watch number one! I'll take number two! I'll take number three! Yes, DM, I would like to say that, too. If we're ever camping outside, just because Liam is a dumb fuck and will forget it. Every night, Caleb does silver thread around the group. Right. For a 20-foot cube. Okay. That's around us, yeah. All right. So after setting up your alarm-- (singing) It's murder time in the campaign. As you complete your set up for the evening,",Perception
Sleight of Hand,"Okay. Wait, do they have them? He's stepping on them right now. I'm walking to the cart. Okay. As you begin to walk towards the cart, which is breaking the perimeter of their holding, the ones on that side go (disapproving sounds). The one who spoke up before just goes, ""All right. No big moves. No trouble wanted. Get your friends up. Place your valuables onto that cart for us, you have hitched over there. And we'll leave you with your life. No worries-- "" I would like to cast Friends on that gentleman.",Sleight of Hand
Deception,"gentleman. Okay. Make a sleight of hand check. Ah, that's very low. That is a five. As soon as you begin to-- and, correct me if I'm wrong. Friends-- actually, let me see here. Friends is-- no! It's-- Somatic and material. All I did was just do this with my thumb and I put a little bit of rouge on my cheek. Okay. Yeah, so your charisma checks. The spell seems to take an effect. You'll have to be careful. We are going for help. Medical help. We all have syphilis. Extreme syphilis.",Deception
Intimidation,"They're diseased. At which point, one of them pull over a cloth. He goes, ""Jesus Chri--"" They all turn around, weapons drawn again like, ""What the fuck are these people doing?"" No, we might have tried a few things with that head, but, you know, we've paid the price. Clearly we have suffered enough! Looks over to Fjord. He's just laughing. ""You also infected?"" (laughter) I mean, the amount of contact we have had, there is no question. You have to go. (dying noises)",Intimidation
Intimidation,"I think you're going to give us everything on your cart. ""We don't have a cart."" I thought you had a cart  you were going to load our stuff onto your cart. ""No, we were taking your cart."" Oh, well where'd you come from? That's so stupid. This is a really terrible plan. ""Well, we steal your cart and then we get your stuff and--"" ""Shut up!"" He's like, ""I'm sorry."" Well, then give us all your clothes then! Yeah, your headbands are lame, but I want them.",Intimidation
Perception,"the ground. They throw their shortswords and daggers onto the ground. Jester, maybe we can let them have a little fucking dignity as they leave. As he says that, I already begin picking through the remains of the leader's shit, looking to see if anything is left. Well, there are two shortswords that are currently covered in soot, that was once their previous owner. All the rest of the armor has been burnt and charred. And there is ashes. While they're talking, can I do a long circle around the whole campsite, looking for horses that are tied up?",Perception
Animal Handling,"around the whole campsite, looking for horses that are tied up? Make a perception check. Okay. 19. You do see there are, a ways over the previous hill, nine horses that are all briefly hitched to a few stakes that are pounded into the ground. I will unhitch the stakes. Oh, yes you will. Let's see here. Five of them I'll just shoo, the meekest five I'll shoo off into the woods and the other four I'll try to control and take with me somewhere else.",Animal Handling
Insight,"a big pile. When you were with your mother? Yeah! I don't even know what you do with that much money, this is ridiculous. You buy clothes for your horse that draws your carriage, which is something I did. You put clothes on your horse? That's a great idea. It was real pretty. What happened to those clothes and that horse? Well, I think I left them on the side of the road, somewhere, actually.",Insight
Insight,"I don't even know what you do with that much money, this is ridiculous. You buy clothes for your horse that draws your carriage, which is something I did. You put clothes on your horse? That's a great idea. It was real pretty. What happened to those clothes and that horse? Well, I think I left them on the side of the road, somewhere, actually. Insight check. Why did I do that? Is she full of bullshit?",Insight
Perception,"Oh my god, it totally is! We're straight-up Wells Fargo. Mind you, all the equipment you found from them, not in the best condition. The swords are dinged to shit. They're chipped in places like they've been banged against hard pieces. Scrap metal. I roll Caleb over and make sure he's not face-down in the dirt. He's breathing, he's good. I cover him up, he's fine. You guys eventually find yourselves back to rest for the evening. You're keeping second watch now? He was going to keep second watch. Yes, I'm second watch.",Investigation
Perception,"horses, they're gone. They were already gone when you passed out. Go back to sleep. Is he always like this? Yes! Oi. He's very smart. All right. Third and final watch? Yes. Go for it. Good wrist action, terrible roll. Wow! Please tell me it's less than a ten. Oh yeah. It's six.",Perception
Perception,"Okay. you guys all bundle up what you can. The horses are trying to stay warm and cuddle up next to each other. I take my cloak off and put it around Toilet's head. Aww! See? I'm not going to talk about the state of the manticore head at the moment, which is now drenched in rain. The cold weather will be good for it. You guys you have rested for the evening. you continue back onto the path and continue forward. Who's keeping watch on this next journey?",Stealth
Investigation,"stone and to read a lot of them you would probably have to clear off whatever bit of growth has reached up and claimed them. I'm going to pick a random one. After I shake it and put it away, I move my fingers in a shape in the air and whisper a few arcane words and cast Detect Magic within range of the gravestones. Okay. As you begin to do a conscious pass across the grave, nothing magical catches your attention within the radius you're observing. Okay. I squeeze out a single fart and go back to the cart. Anything undead, anything...?",Arcana
History,"I'm cleaning off one. As you pick one and look for any signs of grave emerging or grave robbery, or different things that may be attributed to the necromantic studies that involve the creation and/or maintenance of undead, the site seems to be largely undisturbed. You go through one name and it says ""Bagent"" and the next once you go by says ""Avryn"" and the next stone says ""Emor."" The markings are simple. They're very simple stones. It looks like whoever was buried here was done so at the very basic level of marking a grave site. Your foot hits something hard on the ground and your toe-- and you look down at a rusted helmet of",History
History,"Nothing. Six. You're unable to make out any details of the construction of it or any significance of it, but it's an old helmet. And it looks like a lot of the edges of it appear to have just slowly been taken by the oxidization-- I'm going to take it back anyway. As you guys are waiting, Caleb's returned, and a few minutes later, maybe about ten minutes after, you watch as Molly approaches, tossing this deeply rusted iron helmet in his hand. What is that? Can I see that? Of course. Yeah, I would like to. Do I recognize this?",History
Insight,"Okay. To say ""yes,"" it is ""ja."" That is your first lesson. Ja. Everything else you said was shit. Stanneras. Staggeras or Standeras? Stanneras. Ulysses Standeras. Strong name, ja, ja, ja. Ulysses Standeras. It's a fine offer, Ulysses. Where would you have us get out of this rain for a bit? ""Well, there is a small tunnel, maybe about several hundred feet above  it'll give us some break from the rain.""",Perception
Insight,"Yeah! (chants) Den mama! Den mama! It's not D and D Beyond, it's D N D Beyond. You don't want to type in an ""and,"" because that will take you to a porn site. What doesn't, really? What does Stannis Baratheon say? I mean. Should we go to this dingy tunnel? I guess we can? You say that because it's a good idea, or because you're feeling--? I don't know, he just seems like a good guy some-- I mean, shifty. But I don't think he's trying to fuck us right now.",Insight
Insight,"because that will take you to a porn site. What doesn't, really? What does Stannis Baratheon say? I mean. Should we go to this dingy tunnel? I guess we can? You say that because it's a good idea, or because you're feeling--? I don't know, he just seems like a good guy some-- I mean, shifty. But I don't think he's trying to fuck us right now. Insight check! (laughter) Make an ins-- (laughs and coughs)",Insight
Intimidation,"He seems pretty okay, I guess. To the tunnels! I cast Friends on him. So soon. Friends. Yes. Freunde. Freundes. And I say. My Freunde-- ""Yes?"" I have just cast a spell on you, okay? So you just have to listen to what I'm saying, okay? I think you are kind of an asshole but so are we, we are the Mighty Nein and we will fuck you so hard if you fuck with us.",Intimidation
Insight,"""Yes."" Could you give me a little more background? That is a very common word. ""The Archive of the Cobalt Soul here in the city. It's a library that is maintained by a number of... believers. But as long as you're not taking anything from within, and you have approved entry and are heavily watched within, for the most part you can peruse the content of the interior."" That is excellent. Also, I'm a big reader. Is there any place that has pulp fiction and shitty smut? ""I mean, I'm sure there are, but I would not bother myself with such base interests of reading.""",Insight
Insight,"Could you give me a little more background? That is a very common word. ""The Archive of the Cobalt Soul here in the city. It's a library that is maintained by a number of... believers. But as long as you're not taking anything from within, and you have approved entry and are heavily watched within, for the most part you can peruse the content of the interior."" That is excellent. Also, I'm a big reader. Is there any place that has pulp fiction and shitty smut? ""I mean, I'm sure there are, but I would not bother myself with such base interests of reading."" Insight check.",Insight
Deception,"We're looking forward to seeing you again. To the inn! Where do you stay? ""Well, it appears that our business transaction has come to an end. If you would like to rent another day, I'd be happy to answer your questions."" Shittiest pay phone ever. Well, come see us at the Leaky Tap and maybe we'll hire you tomorrow morning. That's true! He leans forward to you with a closer look. He goes, ""Maybe."" I have extreme syphilis.",Deception
Investigation,"Pentamarket, and it's called this because central to Zadash, a number of the streets that bisect it naturally carved a pentagonal shape and the interior between all these streets has since become the center of most merchant business, and there's a bazaar set up in the center of that penta-shape, where carts and tents and buildings are out there all day, every day. It's an open market. As you're making your way through the rain, some of them are closing early. Some of them are closing up because of the weather, and it's not going as well as most days would when it isn't so freezing. You can see your breath escaping from you with each exhale. You ask around a bit. Make",Perception
Nature,"It looks jeweled and gorgeous. In the back there appears to be a shelf with books and books and books with a desk. You see three figures, two of which are facing away behind the desk. The one that is closest to you turns around to make your appearance. You see a large, seven-foot tall humanoid figure. Short, bushy, curly brown hair fros up a little bit. The body is very fine grayish brown fur. And their nose is wide almost like a cow or a bull's nose across a human face. The chin's a bit square and the physicality is hunched and there's just a big smile on the face. I'm sorry. Yes. I've not been in this big a city in a while.",Nature
Persuasion,"Fjord. ""Fjord. Pleasure to meet you."" Nice to meet you. ""I'm sorry, I didn't mean to disrespect your invitation there. What's your name?"" I'm Nott! I'm just Nott! Hi! Nice to meet you! ""Nice to meet you."" You're large! ""You're small."" Can I have one? I'll have two of those potions, if you don't mind. ""Of course."" Is there a discount for two?",Persuasion
Insight,"Meanwhile, I take every gold piece I have in a little sack, plus 20 silver, which is exactly 150, and I am out of money. With that, they happily pass over to you your purchased parchment and ink. How much is that glaive worth? ""This is pretty well made for being such a ghastly-looking design. I think it could easily use some fine gold gilding, maybe some extra polishing. Put some ribbons on it and this thing would be a great ceremonial piece. The manticore spines I think are a little garish, personally, but if you're looking to sell, we could give this to you for about 300 gold.""",Insight
Persuasion,"and, ""Watch this!"" and it disappears into it. He reaches in, pulls the glaive out. Whoa. That's pretty cool. That looks like the thing that we need. It sticks in there. The big, central pouch. He goes, ""The side ones don't carry as much, but the central side of it does manage to carry about eight cubic feet of material in an extra-dimensional space to call it whenever you require it. Two cubic feet for both of the side pouches. I enchanted it. Well, he enchanted it. We sell it."" If we make this deal, does it come with a regular healing potion inside of it, maybe?",Persuasion
Perception,"slowly crawling to more of a roar. There's chatter and whispers, there's laughter and the clanks of metal and glass. You can see already there's one long bar on the far end of the room that is broken in the center for a number of entryway hatches, and two busied bartenders rushing back and forth. What do you guys want to do? I, Sam Riegel, want to go back and see Pumat Sol again. But that would not make narrative sense. There's always tomorrow. Can I do a quick case of the room? See if I see anybody suspicious? Give them the old evil eye?",Perception
Perception,"metal and glass. You can see already there's one long bar on the far end of the room that is broken in the center for a number of entryway hatches, and two busied bartenders rushing back and forth. What do you guys want to do? I, Sam Riegel, want to go back and see Pumat Sol again. But that would not make narrative sense. There's always tomorrow. Can I do a quick case of the room? See if I see anybody suspicious? Give them the old evil eye? Make a perception check. Come on, first roll of the night.",Perception
Perception,"We have the same middle name! ""Purveyor of the bar here--"" Is he, in fact, trim? No, he is a plump dragonborn. Just checking if it was an ironic nickname or not. He has lived a happy midlife. ""I'm purveyor of drinks and keeper of food here at the Leaky Tap. Happy to get your food orders in, get some drinks to your table. Sit back, relax. There's usually a show at some point in the night."" I'm hopping over to the card game. I'm going to tag along beside her. Hey, do I see any other goblins in this bar?",Persuasion
Deception,"""Yes?"" What are we playing? Are we playing Go Fish, or War, or-- They both stop mid-conversation and glance over. ""We're playing whatever suits us at the moment. We're in the midst-- "" What is suiting you right now? ""Well, we are in the moment finishing a quick game of poker. If you would be so kind as to leave us to our game in peace, that would be appreciated."" I will play with you! I'm not very good, so you can take so much money from me. Yes! Grift it, girl!",Deception
Perception,"What do you wish to play? For the sake of ease of the sudden card game, he looks around at the other guy. ""Do you know the Crick-Queen's Call?"" I do! I love it, this is the one I was telling you about! You were? Yeah, remember, with the three cards? Oh, yes, I remember. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. ""Very well, then."" He goes to shuffle the cards rather rapidly before he begins dealing out the early sets. Is it a clean shuffle?",Insight
Perception,"You were? Yeah, remember, with the three cards? Oh, yes, I remember. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. ""Very well, then."" He goes to shuffle the cards rather rapidly before he begins dealing out the early sets. Is it a clean shuffle? You may make a perception check. I would watch that, too. Are you watching this? Nope, I don't see shit. I would be watching this, too, because I'm kind of a--",Perception
Sleight of Hand,"or is that part of the game? Come, let us go sit over here. Is that part of the scam? I walked away from this one. Two gold on the table from each of you, so that's six gold in the full pot. Go ahead and make your roll, 3d6. Ooh. What do you do, take the best two? What do you do? No, no, no. Everyone rolls, and then you can raise your ante. Wait. I'm going to try to use one of my own cards and try to replace one of the cards.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"your roll, 3d6. Ooh. What do you do, take the best two? What do you do? No, no, no. Everyone rolls, and then you can raise your ante. Wait. I'm going to try to use one of my own cards and try to replace one of the cards. Make a sleight of hand check. Frumpkin climbs up into the rafters with a view of the gentleman's cards. 19. 19? Okay. Can I try to perceive this too?",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"on the table. (quietly) Get ready to use your wire. Okay. I'm pulling out my thin bit of wire and I'm getting ready to cast Message. We just can't have a fucking peaceful drink, can we? Just got to get right into shit. Okay. I know. All right. They meet your raise. That's now 21 gold, I believe, on the table, so you all get to draw another card. So reroll one more. The older one-- Folds? No, he stays. Okay. The younger one?",Stealth
Persuasion,"separates a little bit as you guys approach. ""I'm curious. Share with me briefly the joys the Empire ""has brought to your life."" I think it's like Alcoholics Anonymous or something. ""Be honest."" I'm afraid my list is not that long, unfortunately. We're a bit skeptical. We're looking for support, just like any other wayward souls in this crazy town. We seek knowledge. We want to be able to trust our Empire, but maybe we need some reassurance in one way or another.",Persuasion
Investigation,"I'll accompany you, just to make sure you don't get killed. I'll come with you too because I really want a bath. I guess I stay behind with Fjord. We talk about the crazy shit we just heard. Yeah, because we're fucking spies! Fuck yeah, man! We'll break the system! Put it in the ground! It's folded like this. Fuck the man! All righty. I'm just happy with my company. Right. Now, the two of you make an",Stealth
Stealth,"knowledge. Yeah. They're like ""Eh, knowledge, means you're like powerful or something."" Yeah, that's what it means. Yeah. Yeah. Knowing's better, yeah, books. Well, you've really sold me on it, let's go find the others. Yep. While that's happening, you are following this woman down. I'll try to stay 25 feet behind her.",Stealth
Perception,"course, that had helped her out of the Archive stays behind and reenters the building, and she continues on her own, but stays mainly on the main streets  doesn't go and duck into any alleyways very much for her own personal safety during the day and staying out in the open. Does she have any bag, purse, visible necklace, pockets, anything pickable? There do appear to be two small pockets in the front waist part of the blouse and a small satchel that's hanging off the right, over the left shoulder, off the right side of the body. Do I have any chance in hell knowing where she went? Because I start looking around immediately.",Perception
Stealth,"No, she's alone. As you're walking and you're concentrating, you watch as the satchel itself lifts and tugs and just tugs. Her head spins around and looks behind her, looks back. I press up against the wall. Glances around confused, eyes one of the small pauper children that's off to the side, begging on the side of the road-- Oh no. It was that one. Scoffs and holds her chin up and then continues walking with a brisker pace. I follow at a brisker pace.",Perception
Insight,Then holding her shirt closed and bundles up her satchel up in her arms and is now beelining it deeper into the city. Don't let her get away with that. I run up to where that happened and pick up the two buttons. (laughter) They're nice buttons. I come back. I did it! I got these two things. They're very nice and round and shiny. They're very nice. Where did they come from? A very grumpy person. She was awful. She scowled at children and slapped an innocent man for no reason. She was evil!,Insight
Insight,her satchel up in her arms and is now beelining it deeper into the city. Don't let her get away with that. I run up to where that happened and pick up the two buttons. (laughter) They're nice buttons. I come back. I did it! I got these two things. They're very nice and round and shiny. They're very nice. Where did they come from? A very grumpy person. She was awful. She scowled at children and slapped an innocent man for no reason. She was evil! Insight check. That is a 20.,Insight
Deception,"deeper into the city. Don't let her get away with that. I run up to where that happened and pick up the two buttons. (laughter) They're nice buttons. I come back. I did it! I got these two things. They're very nice and round and shiny. They're very nice. Where did they come from? A very grumpy person. She was awful. She scowled at children and slapped an innocent man for no reason. She was evil! Insight check. That is a 20. If you want to insight check her, you've got",Insight
Perception,"A very grumpy person. She was awful. She scowled at children and slapped an innocent man for no reason. She was evil! Insight check. That is a 20. If you want to insight check her, you've got to make a deception check. Well, maybe she believes it, I don't know. I believe it! She was a horrible person. Yeah, okay well. My itch has been scratched. I feel good about everything that just happened. In the time that Nott was gone could I spot the Allhammer temple? Just so I know where it is?",Insight
Insight,"I'm less scared, but it's still uncomfortable, and I'd prefer to do it at my own speed, thank you very much. Do you want to stand at the side then, and hold the side? Hold the side, like this? Yes. Yasha, there's a heavier presence of the Empire here than there was in Trostenwald. How does that sit with you? Well, I know I have to be careful about some certain things. I think I'll be fine. Nobody's chasing after you or giving you any heat, are they? No.",Insight
Insight,"Do you want to stand at the side then, and hold the side? Hold the side, like this? Yes. Yasha, there's a heavier presence of the Empire here than there was in Trostenwald. How does that sit with you? Well, I know I have to be careful about some certain things. I think I'll be fine. Nobody's chasing after you or giving you any heat, are they? No. Insight check. Which one? I am lying! Generally you can say, ""Do I believe her?""",Insight
Religion,"Okay. Do I believe her? I do! Okay. I'm not in trouble for anything. I think, if anything, it would be because of the god I've chosen to follow. Which is whom? Jester! It's the Stormlord. I don't know if you know of him. Do any of us know what the Stormlord is? Yeah. For basic religion, you would, because you've been outside the Empire. Those of you who grew up in the Empire, you would vaguely have an idea. What about a big reader?",Religion
Deception,"Regis. Damn it, I can't say it now. Yeah, fucker. Lawrence. ""Lawrence."" Kylre. ""Kylre."" Esma. ""Esma, all right."" Um. Barry. (laughter) Short for Barrymore. It's short for Barrymore, but I just go by Barry.",Deception
Stealth,"dirt road with occasional bits of stonework, as beautifully laid cobblestone from the interior, you can see homesteads of different styles of construction from all across this continent and beyond. This is where the money in the city goes. This is the district where the elite live, where the elite work, and where folk of very specific visual presentation and purpose are allowed entry. Right, and as she goes and does her thing, I just want you to know that Frumpkin does follow her, and I leave and walk around the block, and duck into an alley, or any private place, and cast Disguise Self on myself to make myself look very resplendent.",Stealth
Perception,"Well, he can do lots of magic, and he can appear out of nowhere. That's cool. That is cool! Were you with anyone when he showed up? No. Do you think he'd want to meet us? Or introduce us, maybe? I can ask him! Yeah! Yeah. I'm really interested in a god that kicks it with people. Yeah. I've never heard of that. Well, Traveler, you heard it yourself! If you like everyone here, you can just show up anytime!",Perception
Perception,"appear out of nowhere. That's cool. That is cool! Were you with anyone when he showed up? No. Do you think he'd want to meet us? Or introduce us, maybe? I can ask him! Yeah! Yeah. I'm really interested in a god that kicks it with people. Yeah. I've never heard of that. Well, Traveler, you heard it yourself! If you like everyone here, you can just show up anytime! Perception check.",Perception
Perception,"I'm right where I want to be. I want a 45-minute walk to get there. Hey, let's do it. You'll walk your buzz off. Let's maybe stock up on some torches on the way there. Nah, we don't need torches, do we? No. Not anymore. No. Not with your nerd goggles. Yeah. Do keep in mind, and this is my fault too for not keeping track of it, but even with darkvision, you're still seeing pretty low light.",Perception
Perception,"Hey guys, we're about two blocks away from the outer wall. We're super close. All right. At the intersection, there are two crownsguard that are stationed there that are keeping eyes and watching around. Off to the eastern side of that intersection, behind one of the poles that contain the lanterns that are lit at night, you can see the cover that leads into the sewer below. It's less of a sewer or manhole cover, but there's an open drain, and a latch and a small metal pole that prevents anyone from going into it. Are there any clowns in it?",Stealth
Perception,"been an issue. So you get yourself down, and it's no more than ten feet to climb to the base of this at the moment. You see from this spot where you've climbed down, the ceiling drops low to about ten or so feet. You're probably about 15 or 20 feet below the surface now. I'll take out my torch. I'll light my torch once I get down there. Your torch lights and the bright space begins to open up from side to side. (yells) Do you see any monsters down there? I look around. (yells back) Everything looks good!",Perception
Investigation,"I keep looking. Keeping watch. Listening. You all eventually down into the sewer grate and then you hear the (metal scraping) (click) and the metal bar up top is closed. He locked us in! No, he just closed it, Jester. It's a trap, we're all going to die. We won't die. What do we think? Go up or down? Up, right? I think a monster would be down. Monsters are down. Can I do a look around to see if there are any types of street marking for the sewers?",Perception
Perception,"Everything's going to be fine, Jester. Shh. Don't spoil it! You guys begin to head southward. It's a very faint decline. You can only tell it's a decline in the sense that if you look right or left you can see the water is trickling in the direction you're traveling. The tunnel continues for about 100 feet or so before it curves slightly to the right and then comes to another set of rungs and another sewer-top access. Were we told that there was some sort of webbing? Yes, that was the only notable element of what you were looking for. I see. Any of that as we go?",Perception
Investigation,"Were we told that there was some sort of webbing? Yes, that was the only notable element of what you were looking for. I see. Any of that as we go? Perception check. I wrote down blockage, webbing, and nest. 19. No sense of webbing, no. Do we see any rats down here? At the moment, you don't see anything moving, no. Any tracks of any sort?",Investigation
Perception,"built-up refuse that have created small masses in the ground where the water is pooling and making its way around. Blockages. Yeah. The curved surface of this area, can we see the ceiling clearly or is it way above us? You can, yeah. And while the floor itself-- the walls gradually come in and become a bit of a level platform and then descend into the ditch where the water is traversing, the ceiling is a continued curvature of it. It's almost like a tube. Any webbing?",Perception
Investigation,"its way around. Blockages. Yeah. The curved surface of this area, can we see the ceiling clearly or is it way above us? You can, yeah. And while the floor itself-- the walls gradually come in and become a bit of a level platform and then descend into the ditch where the water is traversing, the ceiling is a continued curvature of it. It's almost like a tube. Any webbing? Make a perception check. I'm going to look for footprints.",Investigation
Stealth,"distance you can see aren't reacting you your presence. We could set them on fire from a distance. Or just don't disturb them. Yeah, but what if they all spring up. We could just set them on fire. Are we going that way? No, you're going that way. We're going a different way. Okay then, let them live, and die in horrible pain. Yes. (laughs) I'd like you to all roll stealth checks, please.",Stealth
Perception,"Let's set it on fire! You see a large knot, or a-- not a Nott, a knot of webbing as well, that is held aloft a foot off the ground. It's the egg sack. Or a body. Or it could be somebody that's being slowly sucked dry of all their blood. You're totally right. Should we set it on fire, or should we see if it's living? I think we should try to cut it down in case it's a person. Is it wiggling at all?",Investigation
Perception,"Okay, but it's not familiar to me? I mean, it's webbing. There are many creatures in nature that use webbing in different forms and types. Like YouTubers. Yes, there's that too. Glancing at this, the mass that is encased in the webbing is about this big. It's a dog. It's about dog-sized. Or a rat. Is it close enough to us? It's about 20 feet ahead of you. Can we see a past that into any further clumps of webbing?",Investigation
Perception,"move forward if you want to move forward. Well, this is every six seconds so I could just stand here for a minute going (whoosh whoosh whoosh) and not get close. Hey Nott, will you do me a favor and make sure nothing sneaks up behind us? There's things behind us, too? Could be. So I guess I'll take the next 30 or 40 seconds, if that's what it takes. I'll focus on one and just keep burning it away. Okay. I'm going to go 15 feet behind us. Okay, you shift yourself 15 feet behind.",Perception
Investigation,"detach from the weight and the loss of tensile strength and that whole wall shifts and collapses to the ground, both of the bodies hit the ground. The webbing burns away, it's not enough to catch the bodies on fire, though it does singe and burn the exterior and as you look they're both in various states of decay. The skin you can see, as you approach a little bit, Yasha, to take a look, the cheeks within their helmeted heads are sunken and sallow. The lips are curled back over the teeth. They are drained of any internal life force or blood. Can I poke around with the tip of my sword and see if there's any money or something in their pockets?",Investigation
Medicine,"I'll take them. Okay, you being to pull from their bodies, what are the rest of you guys doing? We could take their weapons, I bet they're nice weapons. Or we could return them to the Crownsguard, maybe they would reward us? Do they have a dog tag? Glancing about as you inspect the bodies, there's no identifying tag to them. There isn't an elaborate system of maintaining Crownsguard members or identifying that you've noticed at least. Can I search for puncture marks? Stab wounds? Bite marks?",Medicine
Medicine,"Sure, easy enough to do. What about their weapons? Do they have any? They do. They both are carrying a longsword. They're well kept, not used. You look along the blade and there are barely any signs of indentation. Does it say anywhere ""Property of the Crownsguard?"" No, but they are uniform design. They're not elaborate or ornamental. The Crownsguard weaponry are all pretty much designed or provided by a similar blacksmithy technique so they all feel like they're uniform to a certain degree.",Medicine
Perception,"Ten on the medicine check. That's enough. It's not too hard to see. As you look over each of the two bodies, both of them have heavy puncture marks, either right in the back of the neck on one of them, or the other one has it right under the front of the chin. The puncture marks are about that wide, about two inches across on each side where the skin and flesh has bubbled and pushed away from the side and they go very deep in. So big fangs. Probably fucking pincers. You know (clicking). Yeah. So watch your shit. Caleb stands still for a second and looks around. Do I hear anything?",Investigation
Perception,"some sort of webbing layer around it and all the walls are covered in it. Across the way you can see rungs and the end of this portion of the drainage that leads up into where you can see the wind would be coming through, and that faint bit of wind that's pushing through that's causing all the webs to shift is coming from what you can barely make out to be the faint bits of sunset light peeking through another exit. A sewage exit just like the one that you came in. You also see a number of other figures that are all webbed to the walls and encased within there. All of the ones webbed to the walls are just as emaciated and dead?",Perception
Perception,"Okay. You stay there with the halfling. I might be able to negotiate my way a little further. Is Jester right up with the halfling? No, I'm 20 feet away from it. If you had to ballpark the distance to the halfling or to the very end of it? From you guys all together, it's about 25 feet, 30 feet. Jester is a little bit closer. All clear in the back! I'd forgotten. I am going to join Nott at the back and keep an eye on the rear. No need!",Perception
Perception,"You see nothing in the darkness behind you. Who else is doing what? I am going to walk up to Jester and stand next to her and then I am going to send Schmidt forward to this halfling to try to maybe lift up his, its, I can't tell you. The chin of this halfling. I'm going to also move forward next to Caleb. You move forward next to Caleb as well. You guys are finding your feet sticking to the material of the floor webbing. You approach. You watch as the head of this halfling is pulled away from some of the webbing and lifted up. It is male. Actually, because you're still with Yasha in",Perception
Perception,"next to her and then I am going to send Schmidt forward to this halfling to try to maybe lift up his, its, I can't tell you. The chin of this halfling. I'm going to also move forward next to Caleb. You move forward next to Caleb as well. You guys are finding your feet sticking to the material of the floor webbing. You approach. You watch as the head of this halfling is pulled away from some of the webbing and lifted up. It is male. Actually, because you're still with Yasha in the back, make a perception check both of you. Well if I can't see-- It's low light beyond that so make a",Perception
Perception,"I'm going to also move forward next to Caleb. You move forward next to Caleb as well. You guys are finding your feet sticking to the material of the floor webbing. You approach. You watch as the head of this halfling is pulled away from some of the webbing and lifted up. It is male. Actually, because you're still with Yasha in the back, make a perception check both of you. Well if I can't see-- It's low light beyond that so make a perception check with disadvantage. I've got dope goggles, though. Oh, well okay.",Perception
Athletics,"You can go first. Is there a way I can hop over the web situation? Is it bothering you? Yes! It's been bothering you this whole time? It was bothering me this whole time, too! I meant to fix it in the break. Laura Bailey, the kind of friend that tells you when you have a booger in your nose. I really appreciate it. Can I jump this gap where Molly is and avoid the webbing? You can certainly try. Go ahead and make an",Athletics
Stealth,"attack. Yeah. (counting) 14. Plus Fury of the Small, 17 points. (cheering) As it opens its mouth, the firelight from the torch flickering in, its horrible weirdly shaped spider-like mutated mouth open up where the pincers and the giant fangs are. A bolt sinks into its throat, and it starts shrieking, backing up defensively, the pain causing it to pull away from you. That's a serious amount of damage. Yeah. I scramble away in Caleb's direction, and that cocoon guy there. I'm going to hide right behind him.",Stealth
Insight,"You're safe now! ""Oh god! (panicked breathing)."" He starts looking around, looking up at the faint bit of light now, which it's now just passing sunset. You see a little bit of purple light coming through, and through the little bits of webbing, you can see the grate that leads outside. He goes, ""I don't know how I got here."" You don't know how you got down here? You didn't come to the sewer on your own? ""Well I-- Yeah, I guess."" What were you doing down here? ""Well, I was just trying to get somewhere quickly.""",Insight
Insight,"""Oh god! (panicked breathing)."" He starts looking around, looking up at the faint bit of light now, which it's now just passing sunset. You see a little bit of purple light coming through, and through the little bits of webbing, you can see the grate that leads outside. He goes, ""I don't know how I got here."" You don't know how you got down here? You didn't come to the sewer on your own? ""Well I-- Yeah, I guess."" What were you doing down here? ""Well, I was just trying to get somewhere quickly."" Insight check.",Insight
Investigation,"Before we do that, what's your name, friend? ""Thed."" Ted? ""Thed."" Thed. I thought he said ""dead"". Thed is dead, baby. Thed, where is the key? Which pocket is it in? ""I'll be happy to show you once you cut me free."" I can start digging. I start digging through his pockets.",Investigation
Insight,"I didn't take anything from his pockets. That's what he's saying. (gasp) I just want something in return. You know, you provide a service, get something in return, right? ""What-- if I can be of service, I'd be happy to."" Who's the Gentleman? Ooh. ""I don't know what you're talking about."" Oh, friend. I heard ""Gentleman."" I'm walking over. Oh friend, I don't need to roll an",Insight
Persuasion,"Ooh. ""I don't know what you're talking about."" Oh, friend. I heard ""Gentleman."" I'm walking over. Oh friend, I don't need to roll an insight check to know that's bullshit. ""I apologize, I don't-- I apologize. I don't know what you're talking about."" Wait, was was it? Who's the Gentleman. I'm going to get closer to Thed and say in Thieves' Cant-- Yes! You can trust us. We're one of you.",Persuasion
Investigation,"Anything else interesting in the room, outside of the bodies? Outside of the bodies? It looks like there is broken bits of what would have been furniture or a cart at some time that got discarded or shoved down here from above. Other than that, just the general refuse you've come across down here in the sewer. We do have a spider body to pick. Can I happen to see-- am I able to see the guy with all the tattoos of ships and stuff? Yeah, you see him. Oh, cool. Do I recognize any of the names of ships, or any imagery?",Investigation
Investigation,"(laughter) (sings) Continuity. Roll for continuity. Beau turns to Nott. Hey girl. Yeah. That little code you were talking. (clicks tongue) See any of that written around these walls, or something that looks similar to it? I can look around. Thieves' Cant is a written or spoken thing? Both. It's almost universally spoken, and as a language it's used for extended ciphers. Make an",Investigation
Insight,"wall. There is a very, very faint scratch into it that says, although not referring directly to yours, it says ""Money pot."" Money pot? Yes. (whispers) Money pot? (louder) It says, ""Money pot!"" Which catches you off-guard, because you're like, ""That's one of our--"" That's one of our one-shots! What, what? That's one of our things, but that's not-- it can't-- it's not us. We weren't down here before, were we?",Insight
Deception,"advice from when it comes to administrating my people."" Don't punch him, don't, no. No, he's got a fair point. I'll give him that. You don't look like an administrator, I mean, that's actually almost a compliment. You know, yeah, it's fair. ""I'm impressed, I will go ahead and retrieve your payments to the Mighty Seven."" Nein. We lost two in the sewers. (laughter) ""I'm sorry to hear that, that's terrible."" Extra pay would soften the blow.",Deception
Stealth,"I was under the assumption that you had to be de Rolo level to have a bath in your house. In your house. They have one washroom for the multitude of rooms the entire tavern has, and the water is changed every few hours, maybe. That's what I'm saying. But it's functional. That's why we should have gone to Pumat Sol's. That's why people have bathhouses, to clean up. When Fjord's taking a bath, I'm going to go through his stuff and try to find his letter. His letter? The letter for the Solstryce Academy.",Stealth
Perception,"clean up. When Fjord's taking a bath, I'm going to go through his stuff and try to find his letter. His letter? The letter for the Solstryce Academy. Okay. Go ahead and make a stealth check. Not good. 15. 15? Would you have taken your stuff in with you? Or would I still be in the room? Molly would probably still be in the room. I got to stealth past Molly, or get him out of the room.",Perception
Investigation,"there. He's going with Jester. Yeah, I'll go with you guys. That's our new bodyguard. You are the muscle. She's the muscle. You guys are the muscle. I am not the muscle. As you guys divide into your two separate groups, scattering this side, these three heading over towards the Tri-Spire. The other three of you guys are heading towards the Pentamarket. Can I grab my Mariner's studded leather armor out of my room and bring it with? You may. Along the way, can I look for a tailor?",Investigation
Persuasion,"""Not much of a business card. They got members all over. Most of them are up in the ""capital, but there is one of them that runs that Hall of Erudition. Right over in the Tri-Spires."" Thank you. Thank you for the information. ""Of course, happy to help."" You know, Pumat, I think will take you up on that enchantment, 80 gold. It's a bit more than I was hoping to spend. I could overhear you offering an incentive for being a return customer. I did enjoy, most recently, unfortunately, one of your healing potions. Perhaps if I purchased a healing potion and the transfer of the enchantments, we could find some sort of a deal?",Persuasion
Investigation,"Yes, please clean it. Please. ""All right."" It's not that bad. You don't have to act like it-- It was starting to-- it has a brine. ""Would you prefer black ice, lavender or new leather?"" New leather. ""New leather it is. We'll get it right to you."" That's amazing. Turns around. I've been doing a perusal, by the way. Is there anything that's caught my eye in this--?",Investigation
Investigation,"""All right."" It's not that bad. You don't have to act like it-- It was starting to-- it has a brine. ""Would you prefer black ice, lavender or new leather?"" New leather. ""New leather it is. We'll get it right to you."" That's amazing. Turns around. I've been doing a perusal, by the way. Is there anything that's caught my eye in this--? Make an investigation check.",Investigation
History,"tower here. There is an area that you've heard of but not been to called the Gilded Willows, which is the tree-dappled residential area of the city. It's broken up into several pieces, but you can see a lot of the treetops, and there is this very natural, almost picturesque beauty of the interior. What was that called again? The Gilded Willows. It's the broken up residential aspects of this area. Okay, it's Bel-Air. Yeah. There is the Triumph Chime, which is a seven-story temple and belfry that has been retrofitted as the previous-- and you would know this from learning your history lessons--",History
Persuasion,"Sex and history. She leans in for a moment and gives you a look. ""Follow me."" She leads you both to the back. She plucks a copy of Tusk Love. There's a guy in an Abraham Lincoln costume, just whacking it. (laughter) I'm following, by the way. Four score-- ""Define 'historical.' What are your interests?"" I like historical fiction. I don't like shallow smut. I like to learn something while I'm being titillated, I suppose.",Persuasion
Perception,"I walk up to one of the other patrons that's hurriedly looking through one of the books. Okay. The one that's closest to you, or one of the other ones? Sure. Whatever one is closest to me. The one that's closest to you, as you approach from behind, he has a dark brown cloak that's pulled over one shoulder. He's wearing a sky blue tunic, soft, a silk sheen to it in what little bit of lantern light is lighting the interior. From the side of his chin, you can see he's got a softer, rounder face, and as soon as you begin to approach, as you aren't approaching quietly, he stops, the book closes, back on the",Perception
Deception,"enough information to make out the full story, but it's this, ""How can I get this at a cheaper price?"" She's very heavy-handed with her innuendos. The salesman's like, ""Well, I don't know. How much are you willing to pay?"" It goes back and forth, and you're like, I see where this is going, but it's not going there fast enough. They keep talking about the heft of his equipment. A lot of reference to his equipment. The gauge of his pipe? Yeah, it's-- Do you--? ""Do you like it?"" Oh, do I.",Deception
Sleight of Hand,"Get people interested. ""It's kind of a word of mouth thing. The clientele prefer a bit of privacy."" Sure! While this was going on, and she was distracted. Oh no. Can I find one of the books that looks easily accessible? I want to open it up and on the ""We're watching you. We saw you come in here."" You grab a quick copy of Guard of My Heart. The cover has the actual Crownsguard crest printed on it. It is a dynamic of honor versus what the",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"quite the heavy drizzle it was earlier. It's lighting up a little bit. As soon as you step outside, you can see, way far off in the distance, a little bit of blue begin to break. The heavy part of the stormfront, at least, is beginning to pass. You pick up the remainder of your ordered baked goods and a loaf of bread as well. On the top shelf, behind you there. What do you call those? These pastries? I slide the smut under a tray of bread. You slide it under a what? A tray of bread on the counter. Just on the counter? Yeah. Hide it.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"Open the curtains up! Did we get a good view? You get a decent view. It's not terribly high up, but you get to look down over the street below you, the cobblestones still slick and the rain pattering on the stonework. You see the fences that curl around the exterior of the terrace. The treetops are now more visible and the canopy is puffing up behind the larger estates and buildings that make up the interior of the Tri-Spires. You have a pretty decent view of the Zauber Spire from here. You see it domes towards the very peak. There is a glass, cylindrical, top floor that overlooks the entirety of the city.",Perception
Insight,"No. Actually, it's pretty well-cleaned and maintained underneath there. It's pretty well-cleaned though, so nothing is here that's good. Not even any bugs or anything. I don't know, look at this. Look at how much money is up here compared to elsewhere. This is a lot of control. Yeah. What are you going to do about it? (laughs) (sighs) Are you going to do something, Beau? I stick my head out. Are you planning a rebellion? No. I just want to make a ton of money and drink a lot of booze. Okay!",Insight
Investigation,"A Tale of Two Titties. No. Courting of the Crick. Courting of the Crick. Good luck adding that shit. I know. Yeah, I'm not going to be able to type that in. I'll write that down. You've bought baked goods, you've bought smut, and you've played in a hotel room. What do you guys want to do now? I guess we can go back then. There's a casino. You want to go to the casino? I don't want to go there. Are there any religious temples here? You'd have to ask around. Make an",Perception
Investigation,"Yeah, in case it's a trap or something. Yeah, that dwarf didn't really give me a very good feeling. Also, we know that people are looking for these type of rebels. If we can see a board ratting people out, so can other people. We don't want to get caught in a sting operation, for lack of a better term. Right. You want to walk around the back to see if there's another way in? Yeah. Can we go around the back of the tavern and look for back doors, floor latches? Sure. Do you guys want to make separate",Investigation
Perception,"You get led outside in the soft drizzled exterior into the alleyway, feet clomping through the muddy floor. They show you to the outside of an angled door that leads to a basement cellar that is currently chained with a lock in the center of it. Can you pick this? Can I pick that lock? Yeah. Keep a lookout. I do a quick look. Both ends of the alleys and on the windows around the area. Yeah. He takes one end  I take the other.",Perception
Investigation,"Sure. Pull the lock of the chains, open the cellar and look down. It's dark. There's no light source in there. I have my orc-- I put on the goggles. Go for it, yeah. Might as well use that. You head down. It is a second cellar. It is not the same cellar you guys have met with before. It's not the same cellar. No, this one can only be reached from the exterior. There's no entrances? No secret entrances? No trap doors hiding behind barrels?",Investigation
Medicine,"So you get a torch situated. It lights up, the room's brighter. No one knows we're down here, right? The door's closed. Well, I'm going to leave because we're all three down here and go back up to the top and keep an eye. Okay. Okay. Do we see anything else weird? More dead bodies, anything like that? No more dead bodies. Even this one you find is mostly like it was stuffed behind some of the barrels. Can I tell how it died?",Medicine
History,"because what would the parents think? Yeah. What's the name of the half-orc? Uh-- (laughing) Oskar. With a K. Oskar. What you reading there, Jester? Nothing, Oskar. Don't worry about it. (laughter) Oh man. Beau, as you're reading through the book, it's interesting. It begins to talk about the conflict between the Julous Dominion and the Dwendalian Empire. Conflict between the Julous Dominion? Yes, the Julous Dominion and the Dwendalian",Persuasion
Perception,"against the wall, then eventually disappears down into the cellar as well. Later on, you watch as Dolan, the human you had spoke with, that seemed to be the one spearheading this meeting before, enters with another human male. They both look back and forth, acknowledge you guys. The two of them eventually splinter off to different sides of the room, waiting. One, and a few minutes later, the other down into the cellar area. Did we recognize the other human male that he's with? No. Does he seem to be armed, or shady, or have lots of scars on his person?",Investigation
Insight,"he's with? No. Does he seem to be armed, or shady, or have lots of scars on his person? Make a perception check. 13. 13. Hard to tell at this distance. You didn't see any visible or apparent scars or anything that gave you a sense of shiftiness, other than the careful demeanor. It didn't look to be a face of a rugged soldier, by any means. Did it look like an undercover cop, trying to blend in? How were his shoes?",Insight
Insight,"that guy's last name? Dolan's last name? Yeah. Sure. Any reason why? I know a guy named Dolan Taverski. Taverski? I don't really know, Taverski. I don't know. I've heard it. Just find out his last name! Sure. Is this guy from where you're from or something? Old mate of yours? No, just have something of his. Taverski. Would he know you if I was like, ""Hey, friend of ours named Nott--"" No, nope, would not know me.",Insight
Perception,"Powerful tricks. That's all. ""I appreciate that. And you, I guess as we begin to put this together, what are your specialties?"" I dabble a bit in the arcane, nothing too impressive, but a little more than nothing. ""Good. Very well then, tomorrow afternoon, The Song & Supper."" Would you like to exit first or should we? Ulog leans forward a bit and goes, ""After you."" Much obliged. I head out. I'll go along with Fjord.",Persuasion
Stealth,"about this-- Lean in closer. Closer. This High-Richter Prucine. Have the ones downstairs already left? I don't know. At this point, you see Ulog make his way up and take a different table at the far corner. Then slowly, over the next 15 or so minutes, the other three exit the building. Want me to follow them? Should we go now? I'm going! Wait, blessings! Oh, thank you! I send Frumpkin after her.",Stealth
Perception,"Do I know any of their names? There's two human men and then there is the dwarf male. We would have told you the two humans. Two humans. The two humans. Are they traveling together? They are. You follow them for the next 20 or so minutes before they come to a modest home. It's in a little bit of disrepair especially in the recent the recent storm  part of the roof is sinking inward a little bit. They enter, close and lock the door behind them. They glance through the window and they have a heated conversation back and forth. If you want to listen, then make a",Perception
Perception,"This is a man? They're both men. The other one has his arm around the other and consoles him. Looking inside, you see it's a lot of books across the wall, you recognize there are some alchemical vials or other things that similar-type glass containers that can be utilized for that. Some dried roots are hanging from the wall. A lot of them appear to be medicinal in nature. After about 20 minutes or so of watching this, nothing strange catches your eye. It seems like two people winding down after a stressful day. Are any of those books of an arcane nature, because I'm also looking?",Investigation
Investigation,"doing? I feel the urge to go sneak into a room. It's just an open door with a bunch of buttons and a flask in it. It's not even locked? No. Oh, well, I'll push it open and look inside. What do I see? It's empty, it's dark, except for you see this-- Actually, make a-- Let me check one thing on this. Just to see how this works in this circumstance. Lot of great shirts in the store. Great shirts.",Investigation
Insight,"No. We are going to have a talk. Don't try any funny business. Why are you trying to sneak through our stuff? I would never do that to a friend! Molly told me! Molly told me you were in here rifling through my stuff. I was hungry. There's a definite explanation for this. What were you looking for? Seafood. You must have some on you  you're of the sea. I love shrimp, and I never get a chance to get any, we're so landlocked in here. I love the taste of the sea! Do I believe her?",Persuasion
Acrobatics,"Remember, Nott, that next time you try and do this and if that letter goes missing again, I can do this to you again. I give her just enough of a knock on the head to break the spell. Okay. Okay, easy! Easy! Open up the door! I open the door and I slowly open it up like trying to funnel a rat out of the room. Here you go. Remember what we talked about. I reach for the flask. Fuck! (laughter) I stick my foot out right when she runs by.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"I can do this to you again. I give her just enough of a knock on the head to break the spell. Okay. Okay, easy! Easy! Open up the door! I open the door and I slowly open it up like trying to funnel a rat out of the room. Here you go. Remember what we talked about. I reach for the flask. Fuck! (laughter) I stick my foot out right when she runs by. Oh, man. Make an acrobatics check. You should be fine.",Acrobatics
Stealth,"like they were last time. They haven't noticed your approach yet, but they are keeping an eye. We're going to have to distract them. I could have one of them beat the shit out of the other one. Oh! Why? Let's do that. I cast Crown of Madness on one of the guards. That's not going to go poorly. Yes! So into this! Okay! Hopefully from an area where they don't see me casting it.",Perception
Stealth,"because there's things down here. Oh yeah, avoid all the rat balloons! They were everywhere the last time. You hear all the ruckus up there, echoing down inside and other footsteps coming through and you hear this guy going, ""I am so sorry, I don't know what was happening! Ow, that hurts! I don't know what's--"" and you hear he's being held to the ground now, and people are shouting and, oh man. Ooh, that guy is definitely arrested. That guy's going to have a bad day! He might get demoted, a couple day's pay. He is going to be about 12 inches shorter. No, come on!",Stealth
Stealth,"Oh yeah, avoid all the rat balloons! They were everywhere the last time. You hear all the ruckus up there, echoing down inside and other footsteps coming through and you hear this guy going, ""I am so sorry, I don't know what was happening! Ow, that hurts! I don't know what's--"" and you hear he's being held to the ground now, and people are shouting and, oh man. Ooh, that guy is definitely arrested. That guy's going to have a bad day! He might get demoted, a couple day's pay. He is going to be about 12 inches shorter. No, come on! Go ahead and make a stealth check, guys.",Stealth
Deception,"Let's go. I walk up to one of the two crownsguard outside the door. I follow behind him. Super official. Be careful, twinnie. There is actually only one crownsguard at the front door, behind the gate. As you approach, arms crossed-- ""Yes, please, look lively, unfortunately we've been sent here from the Lawmaster, we have some very urgent business with High-Richter Prucine. Please, if you wouldn't mind, would you fetch her?""",Perception
Deception,"side, almost to a point. She has a gaunt, angular appearance, and is in the process of putting on ceremonial gold and white armor, similar to what you had seen on the Herald of the Hall, but a more elaborate design, and taken from the process of buckling together a brace. She walks up and goes, ""All right, now who's here for their time with me?"" Oh, High-Richter, it's so lovely to see you again. I know it's been quite a while. ""I have no idea who you are."" Brantley. We met-- must have been years ago now. You remember the Gala. I think it was a fundraiser, last time you were up for election?",Deception
Perception,"table they have ready for you guys to come and sit. We have already dropped our disguises if they recognized us. It took us 45 minutes to walk here. Your spells would have run out by now. Before we walk into the place, I turn my coat inside out, back to the blue. Any guards in the tavern? Not in the tavern, no. There was one outside, but patrolling the streets. Not everything is super heavily guarded in smaller areas like this. Does it look like anybody is looking at us, anybody else in the tavern?",Investigation
Insight,"question of, well, the unsavory topic of payment. ""Right. I assumed that was probably going to be a thing. Me and Horris pitched in together. We don't have much, but this is too important to not. Me and Horris put together about 115 gold between the two of us."" He puts a small thing on the table, showing it. He's not putting it out in the open because he doesn't want to be like ""I have all this money on the table!"" He's like, ""We have some. Kara put in 53 gold of her own."" Ulog leans in and goes, ""513 gold, 21 silver, 302 copper. It's my life savings. I want to see these fuckers burn."" Wait. 500 from his personal stash?",Insight
Insight,"""Right. I assumed that was probably going to be a thing. Me and Horris pitched in together. We don't have much, but this is too important to not. Me and Horris put together about 115 gold between the two of us."" He puts a small thing on the table, showing it. He's not putting it out in the open because he doesn't want to be like ""I have all this money on the table!"" He's like, ""We have some. Kara put in 53 gold of her own."" Ulog leans in and goes, ""513 gold, 21 silver, 302 copper. It's my life savings. I want to see these fuckers burn."" Wait. 500 from his personal stash? Insight check on that statement.",Insight
Perception,"as he smiles. Do you have a good way to get into the Tri-Spire? ""We have a few ideas."" Okay. ""Til tomorrow, then!"" Til tomorrow. He gets up and finishes his drink and buttons the top button of his shirt, and then makes his way out. Ulog sits up, goes and takes what swills at the bottom of Dolan's drink and finishes it, then finishes his drink, pops it down. ""Til tomorrow."" He gets up and leaves. Has anyone been watching us?",Perception
Perception,"We got to go back to the Tri-Spire? Which we can do. Or, no, we can just go to the hall of the Hall of Justice. (laughter) Meanwhile, at the Soltryce Academy. The King's Hall? Is that where Lord Sutan is? You don't know much about Lord Sutan. You haven't heard his name referenced at all with any of the-- They just left and we forgot to ask where the fuck he is! Twice! Can we run out after them? Wait wait wait!",Insight
Perception,"the gate and the building itself. Are the gates chained shut or does it look like there's a lever? Well the gates on all them are solid except for in the very front and the very back. Both of them appear to be closed and locked. You do see, posted at the front of the front door, there are two crownsguard that are there keeping watch. On the back end as you case around to the rear side of the home, there is a singular crownsguard and a dog that is on a chain. Two in front. Does it look like there's any blind spots, any trees that go up and cusp over the walls?",Perception
Investigation,"Just some simple reconnaissance. See if we can see Ren, maybe have a conversation with him. If he's not a total prick, I don't know, maybe he's got some of his dad's handwriting. Yeah, okay. We don't have to go, I don't care. No it's fine. It sounds scary to me. No I-- my head is not in the game. We'll go along. Great, we're going to head towards the Apple Tree Tuneship? What did I write here? (laughs) The Tutoring Village. Thank you.",Insight
Persuasion,"across the entirety of the roof complex. You can see one small trap door, about the center of it, that is currently closed. Okay, I call him back. (Meowing) Then I (snaps fingers). And then he's on my shoulder. At which point, you hear a kid go, ""Whoa!"" Simon is now on the side, staring at this disappearing and reappearing cat. Yeah, cats are the best. I don't know, there's a trap door up there, but, I mean, we're not going in. Go. Go away! Go. Go away! Shoo! Go away!",Perception
Deception,"(coughing) No, you need help. It's real gross. I'm fine! He reaches down and pulls a cloth up and puts it immediately over his face. ""Okay, um-- "" No, I don't -- I was born in a place like this. I don't want anything to -- I'm going to give myself a little (grunt). Sir, there's -- (vomit). I'm going to go for it right in his face. The ruckus is audible all the way down the block, so I turn myself into a half-orc woman and pick up Nott like my baby and put her head on my shoulder and start walking towards the building. Okay. As you're doing that, I need you to",Deception
Deception,"the center of the building with the two hallways that bisect the two areas. You can choose right or left, it's up to you. The clerk went down the right side. I will take the left one if the clerk went down the right side. Okay. As you're rushing with Nott in your arms, you head into the hallway on the left side and you glance and can immediately see another person with a robe, who is holding a small satchel of some sort of greenish material. They walk and see you. ""Excuse me, can I help you?"" (crying) (baby wails)",Deception
Athletics,"rooms on the side. They open one room and there's somebody in there already who was sleeping but is starting to come to, going, ""What's happening?"" ""Sorry!"" They close the door, go to the next chamber, and start dragging you into an empty room. I'm going to immediately -- I'm going to go limp. Okay. Then the minute the door's open, I'm going to make a break for it. All right. They open the door-- I'm out! You bolt? I'm going to bolt. Full speed.",Athletics
Stealth,"Yeah, never mind. It's fine. They shove you into the chamber. They close the door. You land on the ground and you hear it lock behind you. All right. You are now a dangerous patient who needs other glancing. While that's happening and they're distracted by that, you guys-- Look for an empty room. Or is every room in the house full? I'd say about half of them are full. You see two chambers that are empty. I go in and shut the door behind us. All right. You close the door. You guys both",Perception
Deception,"No. Well don't give up! (cough) I walk out towards them. Do you have a privy? I think I shat myself. There are two clerks now that were originally fleeing to get help and have come back now with the gentleman with the short brown hair, who's exited the opposite side of the chamber now. ""We've brought the doctor."" He moves before the doctor, who approaches. ""All right, so you appear to be sick."" Yeah. (cough) I have a terrible cough and apparently my breakfast didn't agree with me and I coughed a little too much and felt a pack in my pants.",Deception
Intimidation,"You don't have anything in the building? ""Get in the room. We'll get you a pan."" All right. Yeah. I go in the room. You go in the room, and one of them pulls out a metallic bedpan and sets it down on the side. Can I have a little privacy while I check my undercarriage? They close the door immediately and then “We’ll get to him in a second. What’s your problem?” (soft voice) Fever. She has a fever. “Let me see her.” He comes forward and puts his hands out towards Nott. (hisses)",Intimidation
Acrobatics,"What’s your problem?” (soft voice) Fever. She has a fever. “Let me see her.” He comes forward and puts his hands out towards Nott. (hisses) Do you do that? Make an intimidation check with advantage. Intimidation? Negative three?! How is that possible? 13. 13. The physician goes (screams), falls back. The other two clerks or physician helpers “Get it out! Get it out! Out! Shoo!” I’m going to scamper towards the office if I can, as fast as I can.",Acrobatics
Stealth,"the facility. Nott got tossed, landed, and stumbled a few feet, and they’re now shouting for the guard and pointing at Nott. Pointing at us? Okay. Enemy of My Enemy now? (groans) That still seems extreme. We should just book it. Are you fast? All right, fine. I’m not leaving you. I’m much faster than you. You guys start bolting? We’re going to start to run. As you guys run, they don’t give chase because it’s not their job to do so, but they start shouting and shouting. I want you both to",Stealth
Investigation,"about, “I don’t know what happened. He went crazy and started spitting and was bleeding everywhere,” and they’re both making their way to the door where Molly is in. That was very unruly  I need to excuse myself for a moment. I’ll head out of the infirmary. Okay. You head back out onto the street. You are in that chamber for a while. Are you doing anything? How long has it been? I’m heading out of the infirmary and I’m going to start wrapping around the building towards the side of the building that he was in. I’m seeing how-- is it possible to open the window?",Stealth
Deception,"All right! You shoulder-roll-leap through, shattering the window out of the infirmary, rolling into the alley. You see this happen as Molly is a chaotic spill of glass shards and purple skin. Run! You guys bolt. At this point, as you head back, you’ve now seen the guards that have just run off to go after Nott hear the shatter and turn around to begin, some of them, to double back to where the sound of the glass breaking came from. Can I point off in a different direction than Molly’s running, since I look like a hospital clerk nurse?",Deception
Perception,"(laughter) Feels like it matters. Did we get paid in advance, by the way? What are we being paid for this? Yeah, we didn't get paid in advance. I hope that doesn't come back to bite us. Did we get half of it, even? It's for the best, because now there's no paper trail, just in case they are trying to-- Is Ulog around? I'm going to look for Ulog. Ulog is meeting you guys, you want to try and search for him? I want to look and see if he's around us, though.",Persuasion
Stealth,"Yes, but there are lanterns and stuff up on the side of the street. Do you want to distract him and we'll meet you on the other side? Oh, sure! I'll go meet you at the sewer entrance on the other side. Okay. Nott or Caleb can send you a message. Okay. I walk up to the guard. Okay. ""Evening."" Evening, how are you doing today? ""I am well, how are you?"" Pretty good. I was wondering if you could answer a question for me.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Evening, how are you doing today? ""I am well, how are you?"" Pretty good. I was wondering if you could answer a question for me. Everybody else, roll a stealth check, please. I was looking around this area earlier for a candy shop and I couldn't find anything that seemed good. I was wondering if you could point me in the best direction. ""Try the Pentamarket, probably."" The Pentamarket, um, okay. Can you tell me exactly where that is? Because I'm not familiar with the area.",Persuasion
Deception,"Okay, natural one’s tricky. Plus eight. Still a natural one. But, yeah, that brings it to nine. As you guys begin to quickly slide in, one after the other, Nott, as you're rushing down, you're glancing off, because you hear them talk about candy for a second over the side. Ooh! As you rush down the side, whack! You hit your head and give out a natural instinct, a pained squeak. As you do, the guard who's talking to Jester goes, “Wha--” (fake coughs loudly) Can you help me? I think I’m choking.",Deception
Deception,"it! You guys are sitting there, waiting for Jester to show up and meet you to let you out. I cast Message a few times. We’re here. Where are you? Where letter-R letter-U? You, however, you make your way to the Song and Supper, and on the inside, you can see, nervously at a table, in a dark cloak, Ulog. “What the--?” Gets up and meets you outside, shoves you back out there and you both begin to walk side-by-side. “I was waiting here long enough!” We were waiting for you! It’s so weird that we totally missed you, though.",Deception
Deception,"like a kid who has outgrown his snow-outfit and he’s like-- “This is humiliating.” It’ll get you in the door, don’t worry. Here, put this mask on. He’s seething beneath it. You can see him grinding his teeth, but he follows you nevertheless. Candy-themed, too. Oh, that’s great! You make your way to the gate once more. The guards there-- One of them walks up and, the same one from earlier, gives you a nod. “Hold.” Guest of honor for the night. He’s a comedian.",Deception
Insight,"the breaking and entering thing. Plus, I want to be there when this happens. Have a personal stake."" Yeah, he should be a part of the team that goes in. Okay. How well do you know Lord Sutan’s place and the area? “I know the area alright.” All right. We cased it earlier. “Do you think you know where he lives?” Yes. “All right. That’s all we need. The rest we can all do. Lead on.”",Persuasion
Perception,"arriving, some locally, some appear to be from other areas within the actual Empire. The social elite are gathering in the center of the Silken Terrace and you can now see the small carriages are stopping and letting other individuals out to join the crowds, the mingling beginning. You can already see about 60 or 70 people, with more still arriving. They all have their various colors and masks on. They’re all grabbing drinks and laughing and seeing old friends and introducing themselves to new people they haven’t met before. Some of them live in the Tri-Spire, some that live throughout and beyond. Any of them look familiar?",Persuasion
Perception,"join the crowds, the mingling beginning. You can already see about 60 or 70 people, with more still arriving. They all have their various colors and masks on. They’re all grabbing drinks and laughing and seeing old friends and introducing themselves to new people they haven’t met before. Some of them live in the Tri-Spire, some that live throughout and beyond. Any of them look familiar? Make a perception check. Don’t fuck me, Gil! Meh, you kind of fucked me there. May I also do the same thing? Ten.",Persuasion
Stealth,"No, no good. Eight. Unfortunately, you’re too far away and the masks obscure any of sort of details. You’re unable to see anyone you recognize, per se. But you do see that there are long tables that mark the perimeter that are already holding already preset glasses of wine and ciders. You can see the central tower of the Triumph Chime sits glowing right at the front and center of this gala. It’s all surrounding the base of it. And up in a spiral you can see lanterns and similar colors of autumn that spiral up the front of it. You guys begin to, carefully, and out of sight, make your way towards the estate of Lord Sutan. Please make",Perception
Athletics,"could hold the other end and help people. You can jump ten feet? I think I can. Oh, dear lord. What if you fall on the ground, Beau? Let this happen. Let this happen. Look, we're basically gods, okay? (laughter) I can make this jump. You going to try? I'm going to cast step of the wind-- Sorry, not cast it. I'm going to use a ki point. I'm going to take a breath, gather my chi. Along the edge of the branch anime run--",Athletics
Investigation,"There is a chimney stack, though, right? A chimney stack? We're not Santa Claus! We are now. (laughter) Is there a door on the roof? How would there be a stupid door on the roof? There could be. Sometimes there's balconies. There's no balconies. There's no balconies on this house. Look around for a door on the roof! What? Who would have a door on the roof? Rich people.",Investigation
Perception,"Hey, Nott. Send a message to Fjord and say, ""Hey, did we look cool, just then?"" Okay, I take out my little piece of wire and I whisper the incantation and do the motions. Did we look cool? You can respond to this message. (laughter) Did they go already? He said, ""Did they go already?"" (laughter) I heard a dog barking. I feel that this plan was no better than ours. You guys are watching  you guys are on--? We’re keeping an eye on the street.",Perception
Investigation,"You do. It's a very small crawl space. It's maybe, like, ten foot by five foot. It's very dusty in here. It looks like there are a few clay pots. There looks to be a portrait, like some sort of a large art piece, that's leaning against the wall and has some cobwebs over it. Other than that, it looks fairly empty, like it hasn't been used fully. You, casting Detect Magic. Let me check real fast. Yeah. So you look around the vicinity in this chamber and you do not see any sort of faint magical aura in the crawlspace. Are there any other doors in this crawl space that lead into the main?",Investigation
Investigation,"So you guys have made your way down into the hallway. You’re still concentrating the spell, right? Hells yes. There are magical auras emulating from these torches. They're both everlight. You've seen this magic before. They just continuously burn. It’s continual flame. You also get a faint magical aura from each of the suits of armor, and a faint magical aura from the sword across the way on the opposite wall. Okay. Like traps? Or they are just-- I'm going to look for traps.",Investigation
Perception,"I'm over here. We're making progress! (laughter) As you guys head in, there's the closed door that leads into the chamber where you're sensing this aura. Okay. Detect for traps. Look for traps on this door. Me? Okay. I'm gonna look for traps. Eight, plus five. 13. 13, okay. It is trapped. Oh! It's a door? That's trapped? Yes. It's not locked, but it is trapped. Do I hear any movement in the house?",Investigation
Perception,"Yes. It's not locked, but it is trapped. Do I hear any movement in the house? Make a perception check. How do we disarm a trap? Not bad, not bad. We let Ulog do it! 15. 15. You listen out. You do not hear any movement in the house other than what you currently are making. Okay. (hiccups) And a hiccup from out in the distance. Hello, pick a card.",Perception
Investigation,"of some kind. It is made of dark iron, and gives a very faint magical aura to it. The rug in the center of the room gives a faint magical aura as well. The rug? Flying carpet! No. Look for traps in the room. Okay. Did you see the lock I just-- Fuckin' focus! I did, but hurry! 19. You're looking for-- Traps.",Investigation
Investigation,"Can Schmidt stand on the carpet? Oh! I can move it with my Mage Hand or something, or peel it back with my mage hand. Mage Hand. Very helpful when setting grappling hooks on roofs. Oh, shit! Shut up, Ulog! ""I'm just saying, if I knew you could do that, you could've--"" Fuck you, I know what I'm doing. So move the fucking carpet! You want me to move the carpet? Move the rug. Can I do a look for anything that looks out of place, any papers, anything, trap doors?",Perception
Athletics,"Whoa! From one healing potion? Greater. There you go. Top of the round. Nott, your turn. As you come to consciousness, you are still prone. Return that damage. Caleb moved around to join your side there to go ahead and apply the potion. We can't hurt Beau! No, it's fine. I will go and try to wrestle the-- You're a god! (choking) You know what, go ahead and make an",Athletics
Athletics,"You know what, go ahead and make an athletics check. Two. No. You rush up and you grab it, and it actually lifts you off your feet and you are now being flailed in the air as you're grabbing the edge of the rug, going (screams). (screaming) All right that ends your turn. Jester, you're up. I'm going to try to go help Nott and I'm going to do the same thing. I'm going to try to pry the rug off of Beau. Okay. You move up. Go ahead and make an",Athletics
Athletics,"No, she's not out. She's hanging on. The rug is barely holding on by a thread. You see it still keeps her constrained. You see parts of it are fraying and falling apart. The threads are dangling, but it's still keeping its mass strongly and tightly around her. It's still crushing her and mainly wrapped around her face so she can't see and she can't breathe. That ends the rug's turn. Caleb, you're up. Ja. You're up. What am I doing? I rush forward and I am going to try to pry the rug off of her.",Athletics
History,"collector's items, that are arranged on the bottom of it that all look like old museum pieces. Do they have any symbols on them? On the statues? All magical, I assume. I assume they're glowing. Are you still concentrating? Yeah, I haven't cast anything that breaks that. That's true, you didn't take any damage. None of them are glowing except for the cobalt bracers. Do I recognize any symbols or see any symbols on the statues?",History
Perception,"No, that's different. Those are letters we were leaving here. Yeah, Thieves' Cant we're leaving here. Yeah. So we should leave them here. But we wrote up the letters for the High-Richter too, just so we can stamp. We didn't actually write that letter yet because I was waiting for his handwriting. Yeah we did because we put the Knights of Requital in it. The KR symbol. Sure, why not? From Richter to Sutan we did, so we're leaving those, and we're leaving a note--",Perception
Perception,"were leaving here. Yeah, Thieves' Cant we're leaving here. Yeah. So we should leave them here. But we wrote up the letters for the High-Richter too, just so we can stamp. We didn't actually write that letter yet because I was waiting for his handwriting. Yeah we did because we put the Knights of Requital in it. The KR symbol. Sure, why not? From Richter to Sutan we did, so we're leaving those, and we're leaving a note-- Marisha, make a perception check. You both",Perception
Deception,"that. And do you want to go out? Do what? Do you want-- we distract Crownsguard? Yes, of course. Yeah. (clears throat) There's four of them that are approaching and they're going by and keeping an eye on things. I walk up to the four of them. Okay. I heard there's a disturbance over here. I need some assistance, please. ""What kind of disturbance?"" There's a rowdy bunch over here, been drinking too much already, anticipating the festival. Would you come with me?",Deception
Athletics,"""We're all right, but thank you."" They keep walking. I sent the cat, so the cat should be-- Yeah. (angry meow) Frumpkin makes his way around. (barking) Again, the dog unleashes a torrent of barks, like ""No, not again!"" You hear the other guy being pulled across the yard. He's being dragged through the wet grass. You guys begin to make your way across. Who's carrying Nott across? I will. Yeah. I'm going to try to hook Nott over me. So like she's attached.",Athletics
Athletics,"Again, the dog unleashes a torrent of barks, like ""No, not again!"" You hear the other guy being pulled across the yard. He's being dragged through the wet grass. You guys begin to make your way across. Who's carrying Nott across? I will. Yeah. I'm going to try to hook Nott over me. So like she's attached. Make an athletics check as you try to make your way across the rope. We've got this. I'm going to try to hold the rope as hard as I can. (grunts)",Athletics
Deception,"on the rope? Or on the roof? Sure. You tug her over onto the roof. There you are, dear! Am I 12 damage? 12 damage. Okay. I'm running with them to see what happened. There you are dear! Good god! There were those hooligans that were roughing us up earlier. Are you all right? They hurt me so bad. I knew you were going to be okay, anyway. Do you mind helping?",Deception
Deception,"than to go-- Could be. Okay. We'll book it to the other entrance. Okay, you rush around through the street. You make your way back to the northern gate to the district and there there is another nine or ten guards stationed, with one on the top of the wall with their crossbow ready. I'm pristine and sober. As you approach, ""Hey! Sorry, no entry. The gala is tonight."" I know. We're going to the gala. Obviously. Masked.",Perception
Perception,"like it had wine spilled on it. Like, covering up the rest of the outfit, a big-- A white cloak? A white cloak that looks like it had red wine spilled down the front. Fjord, you explain to the guards that I'm very pissed off because someone spilled their drink on me. Yep. All right. What are the rest of you guys doing? I'm going to go around and see if there's any other entrances, or if there's any other guards around the perimeter. I join Nott. We'll flank.",Perception
Athletics,"a ten-foot yard, towards the very back area. There's a small porch area with nice chair and a little reading nook. There's a book left outside that looks like it got rained on and forgotten, it's dried and crinkled. There is a door that leads in from the back of that porch area there. Are there any people? There are no people in the back. You want me to give you a boost? Yeah. I relayed that all to them. There's nobody back there, right? Yeah. Seven feet tall. Easy. Nott, come on, ready? Me and Caleb. One, two, three. (squeals)",Athletics
Deception,"You almost land on the book table, causing it to knock over, but you just miss it. You're there quietly now, there's the door across the way. What are you guys doing? We're going in. We're disguised and we're walking straight up. You approach the two guards and they both look at each other. I look incredibly angry. I'm about ten feet in front of her, and I walk up. All right lads, open up. She's in one of her moods. Had wine spilled all over her. Hurry up!",Perception
Deception,"You approach the two guards and they both look at each other. I look incredibly angry. I'm about ten feet in front of her, and I walk up. All right lads, open up. She's in one of her moods. Had wine spilled all over her. Hurry up! Make a deception check. This is it. 22. 22. They both go, ""Oh, shit. Right in."" Quickly, I like this detail. Open up. One pulls out the key unlocks the gate. They open from each side as you rush through. Make a",Deception
Athletics,"(metal hitting the table) Sorry. There you go. To the left it, looks like a kitchen vicinity, and there's the spiral staircase that leads up. We should go up. There were a lot of traps in the last house we were in. Outside of the wall where you guys are, Ulog's like, ""My turn. Give me a lift?"" Fuck. God, are you sure, Ulog? You're going up? ""Are we not going in?"" I'm going in with her. Kneel down. I'm going to climb up on his back and start to try to climb.",Athletics
Persuasion,"17. You climb up over the wall and get to the very top. He puts his hands up. ""Help me."" Ulog. No, Ulog, why don't we stay? They can plan it. Let's just fucking stay. ""Because I helped put this together. I want to be here. I want to make sure this happens."" Ulog, listen to me. You are here. You are a part of it, just let them do this. Trust us. ""Understand, she might have paperwork up there that could absolve my wife."" Ulog, this is not the point of why we're here in the moment. Stay focused. We can get your wife out later. Don't blow the whole operation because of your wife.",Persuasion
Investigation,"off the other side, landing next to Nott. Oh, he leaps? I was going to say, seeing that argument, that I dropped down to the ground on the other side. And not help him. He glances up, sees you gone, and leaps. He barely crests the top. He's a nimble dwarf. He could cost us everything. Slightly ahead of the house, so I can see if people are going to be approaching the house, I put my jacket down and set up a little busking. A mild busk. Jester, I know we have to move, and it's not our thing, can we roughly check the stairwell for traps?",Investigation
Investigation,"Yeah, sure. We start walking to look for her room. There's three sets of these. So you do one then the other. Each one. One, two, three, one two three. You do it together, all three of them shift, and with each one you hear a click and release. You guys are in the backyard. Are you doing anything? I'm going to try to open the back door. The three of you are back there with the lock. I cast Detect Magic. The back door is locked. Make an",Investigation
Perception,"Does he come around the back of me? Like Ghost-style? He does so, but he does so begrudgingly. He's like (grumbles). He pulls away and quickly gets it, and hands them back to you. ""Here you go."" The pleasure was all mine. ""Ugh."" Opens the door, you guys hear the slight creaking of a doorway down in the second floor as you're ascending the stairs. I grab both of her shoulders and peer in to see if anything glows. You glance inside. It does not appear anything in the vicinity-- It's a dining room. You can see the opposite side of a long table with",Perception
Stealth,"No, you heard a door down below. You heard them enter from elsewhere in the building, but you just heard a (creak). Do I still see Frumpkin on the wall? What? Do I still see Frumpkin on the wall? Yes. I'm going to try and get Frumpkin's attention. ""Tell Caleb to watch out for Ulog."" (meows) Jumps down into the back and goes and catches up to you. You glance inside. Nothing magical catches your attention in the chamber. Can Beau be casing and be full-on stealth mode watching for anything?",Stealth
Perception,"You can see in the distance, you can see the party's still going on. The music's still playing from the distance. There's still drinking and revelry muffled in the distance, the din of the crowd giving this low (distant cheering). If I get a chance, I want to try and lose him. He's not following you. He's just watching you as you walk. So you're going to try and move out of his eyesight? I'm going to try and move around, yeah, and move out of his eyesight. You move out of his eyesight. Anything? Do I notice any following me?",Stealth
Perception,"bedroom. We're moving through the foyer. I cast Message upstairs blindly, not knowing we're in the house, we're coming up to help you. You can, of course, reply to this message. Oh my god, you're on fire! 23 investigation. Nice. I rolled a 12 investigation. I We're upstairs in her bedroom or office or something. They're upstairs! Let's go! Ulog, they're not upstairs. ""Right."" You guys all head up the stairs",Investigation
Investigation,it is locked. There is like an actual keyhole and there is something that is meant to unlock the desk. Fuck. There's a key. Nott and Caleb are still going up the stairs. Yeah. And Ulog-- you guys all come up to the landing and you can see the door inside. Nothing magical in the vicinity other than what you guys have on yourselves. I feel along the edge under her mattress and see if I can feel any keys. Can I reach underneath the desk and behind it? Underneath it.,Investigation
Investigation,"I feel along the edge under her mattress and see if I can feel any keys. Can I reach underneath the desk and behind it? Underneath it. Okay, make an investigation check. Yeah, grope that desk. Anything she's like stuck-- 17. Yes, look at you! Reaching around the desk, there's no tricks, no trips, no buttons or anything. You're looking through the bed? I'm reaching under her mattress and seeing if she's stuck anything between.",Investigation
Investigation,"18. 18. While the shape is not familiar to you, the size and the length of it, you've seen these type of cases before. They're usually used to contain important rolled pieces of parchment, specifically those that need to be protected from the elements because they contain enchantments on them. This is a scroll case. Ooh! (taps feet rapidly) Take it! Take it! No trace. Leave no trace! What are you doing? God no, god! Ulog is going through papers frantically and like searching through. He's going to make an",Investigation
Perception,"silver cord that is resting on the desk on top of a stack of books. We've seen those cords before. Do not touch that! Also, there is no other magic around this room in the walls or anything, right? Not at the moment. You've indicated everything that's here. Everything that you've seen, yes. Are there any windows? There are giant gable windows. You have the most beautiful view of the city. Can we see anything out the window? Is anybody coming, is--",Perception
Perception,"Also, there is no other magic around this room in the walls or anything, right? Not at the moment. You've indicated everything that's here. Everything that you've seen, yes. Are there any windows? There are giant gable windows. You have the most beautiful view of the city. Can we see anything out the window? Is anybody coming, is-- Make a perception check. Does it look like the gala is ending? Do they open, or are they picture windows? Wow.",Perception
Perception,heading outside? I'm the last one to leave the room. Yeah I grab the scroll case-- No! I summon the falchion. I hold it right up to his throat. You have to detect that I did it. Did you reach for it? Of course I did. I was the last one out of the room. Put it back. Make a perception-- Are you in the room? Yes! I was up here first!,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,I'm the last one to leave the room. Yeah I grab the scroll case-- No! I summon the falchion. I hold it right up to his throat. You have to detect that I did it. Did you reach for it? Of course I did. I was the last one out of the room. Put it back. Make a perception-- Are you in the room? Yes! I was up here first! Hold on. Make a perception check. Make a,Sleight of Hand
Perception,"the back door. As you head down the stairway, you can see the front door being hit from the opposite side. What do me and Molly see? You guys watch this flash of light. The glass windows shatter outward from the balcony. The two guards at the bottom go, ""Uh!"" They quickly throw open the gate and are now currently slamming themselves trying to barricade into the door. To the back! Yeah. We're going to start flanking to the back. Okay. As you guys are rushing, make a",Perception
Acrobatics,"consciousness being dragged, your feet grinding. I was doing death saves and it was not going well. Just for shits and giggles! (laughter) Alone upstairs, I pick up the scrolls and put them in my pocket. I mean, the house is on fire now. God damn. I'm going to open the gable windows, if they open, and jump out them. Well, the windows are shattered, the explosion-- I jump out the windows and scatter as far as I can.",Acrobatics
Stealth,"I was doing death saves and it was not going well. Just for shits and giggles! (laughter) Alone upstairs, I pick up the scrolls and put them in my pocket. I mean, the house is on fire now. God damn. I'm going to open the gable windows, if they open, and jump out them. Well, the windows are shattered, the explosion-- I jump out the windows and scatter as far as I can. Make an acrobatics check followed by a",Acrobatics
Stealth,"party, as you all slowly begin to climb over the back wall, where Beau and Molly are waiting for you. We've got to get out of here. Yeah. That went so bad! I think we were a bigger distraction. What's going on? I think there's something else going. Did we do this?! No, we didn't! It's Molly, isn't it? Molly did it! We’re running to the sewers! Running to the sewers? Everyone make a",Stealth
Perception,"Yeah, you guys see this as you come around-- Age? The age roughly, from this distance from what you can see, its later. Older age, 70s human, if human, but you can't quite get the details. It starts shouting, ""One has fallen. Find the other,"" and coasts back off, doing a pass, looking through the various streets. Once he's gone, can I wait to-- Well, the guards have rushed forwards and grabbed the body and are now dragging it back towards the tower. What does that body look like, though?",Investigation
Athletics,"super last. Okay, never mind. I'm going to rush to him and see if I can-- You look over at Jester, who is holding Caleb up and is not even paying attention. You're like, ""Shit!"" I'm going to rush to him and see if I can grapple? I'm so bad at grappling. Are you? Is it strength-based? Oh. It's athletics-based. My athletics is okay. That's not bad. Okay, I'm going to see if I can take the grappling hook and swing it around and grapple. All righty. So go ahead and make your",Athletics
Perception,"It did roll very high. That's all right, he's going to take it. So that is ten points of slashing damage. Oh shit, all ten? But he takes damage back, right? He does take ten ice damage back, yeah. As you run by, the blade strikes. You manage to feel it glide off your ice armor and you feel the blast of ice energy. You, Beau, as you're holding the rope, feel this spray of dark cold and you wince at it in the darkness. I hate these rides! But that gets you on the other side. Oh, for a bonus action, can I make a",Athletics
Perception,"came down into the sewer? You're maybe 150 feet from entrance of where you came down and you're a few hundred feet from the way that leads back up into the city, of the Interstead Sprawl. Should I go back up to the entrance and make sure we're not being followed or anything? Sure, if you want to. Unless you have any questions. Questions? I don't know anything about this shit. Yeah, go keep watch. Okay. I'm going to head back and look at the entrance.",Investigation
Persuasion,"Spits out a bit of blood on to the front of his chest and the rope and (grunts) You're not dead, because we didn't even want to fight you, but you attacked us. (speaks in Undercommon) And so you've cast-- Comprehend Languages. I understand everything. The essence is ""Stupid empirical scum. You'll get nothing."" He thinks we're with the empire. We are not with the empire. Look at us! Do we have any of that Crownsguard armor? Didn't we collect some?",Persuasion
Insight,"Eh, not our problem. I think we should let him go. I think he's handsome. He looks like a good reward to me. Unless, under one condition. You tell us who you were working with in here. Yeah, tell us. We'll let you go. That's fair. ""I cannot. Our allies in the empire are short on the list."" Is it Kara? Dolan? Ulog? Checking his face for reactions to any of them. Exactly. Anything? Any reactions?",Insight
Insight,"That's great. I've got it, too. I can do two people. Liam, what are you looking forward to in Chicago? Is it the sausages? The brats? The deep-dish? Yeah, you know that deep-dish pizza there. Yeah, I feel like we've kept him up long enough. We don't have to get him out, we just have to give him the chance to get out. I think we should do that. He's given us everything. ""And give me the beacon."" What? He hasn't told us shit. Will the beacon hurt people, though? ""No.""",Insight
Insight,"14. Kind of hard to read on this one. What will you do if we say no? ""I will strike you down where you stand and take it. It's too important."" That's rude. I'm going to start moving towards untying him unless anyone's got any-- Just leave him. He can get out himself. He's a smart guy. If we're all good-- We leave him only if we leave the beacon with the Gentleman, but if we leave him on his own-- (gasps) Was it the Gentleman? Is he who helped you in? Ooh, was it the Gentleman?",Insight
Perception,"I bet it exploded when he did. He exploded. That is correct, right? We have not been paid. No, you have not been paid. Except for the 112 platinum we just got. Which is pretty dope. What-what! How many gold is a platinum? Ten. Damn! Who are the two that are keeping point, leading you guys to the Song and Supper? I am.",Persuasion
Perception,"paid. No, you have not been paid. Except for the 112 platinum we just got. Which is pretty dope. What-what! How many gold is a platinum? Ten. Damn! Who are the two that are keeping point, leading you guys to the Song and Supper? I am. Make a perception check, please. 13. I am, too.",Perception
Acrobatics,"they're turning the corner heading down to the main thoroughfare. Can I trip and fall right in front of the guard that's carrying the thing? You can if you want to. I’m going to trip and fall! Right in front of him. We had it in our hands! (laughs) Okay. I’m going to cast Disguise Self as a crownsguard and just follow. Just see what's happening. I'm going to parkour elf, get on the-- Elf? Monk, get on the roof of the nearest building.",Acrobatics
Stealth,"guard that's carrying the thing? You can if you want to. I’m going to trip and fall! Right in front of him. We had it in our hands! (laughs) Okay. I’m going to cast Disguise Self as a crownsguard and just follow. Just see what's happening. I'm going to parkour elf, get on the-- Elf? Monk, get on the roof of the nearest building. Okay. Make an acrobatics check, just for the hell of it. Just to see how fast you get up there. Okay, okay, okay. 16.",Acrobatics
Deception,"Okay. Make an acrobatics check, just for the hell of it. Just to see how fast you get up there. Okay, okay, okay. 16. 16? And make a stealth check, please. Yeah, but now they want it, I want it back. Because it hums. Natural 20. Whoa. All right. As you dart off onto the rooftop like Batman, you just vanish amongst the night sky. And you? I'm tripping and falling in front of the guard carrying the thing as I'm trying to look at the body.",Deception
Stealth,"I'm sorry. It just looked so inter-- I'm really impressed with how well you took down that guy, though! I follow Caleb as he traces around, but on the roof. Okay. That guy pushes you off-- I'm standing with Fjord, in shock and horror. Yeah, just full, ""Ah."" He starts looking around the ground. I start doing that thing where I was taking steps, but not walking with them. And then I started walking backwards. (laughter)",Stealth
Deception,"It is-- It just gives you-- Is there a saving throw? Advantage to charisma rolls. Yeah, advantage to charisma rolls. If he’s not under attack or thinks he’s threatened. Oh, all right, cool. Advantage on charisma checks at one creature of your choice that isn't hostile towards you. Yeah. And he is not currently hostile towards you. So listen. Don't die for this. I will take this. Just walk ahead. This thing blew a hole in the side of that tower.",Athletics
Stealth,"The first was a one. As soon as you say that-- Oh, shit! Thank god for Friends. (stabbing sound) As soon as you say that blew the hole in the tower, you watch him take an instinctual step back. ""Right. I'll go catch up."" We've seen balls of fire take out half a city block. ""Right."" He darts ahead, looking over his shoulder as he starts to try and join up with the crowd. I turn into an alley. (pigeon cooing) Cover it up. Walk away. You can turn into an alley?",Stealth
Stealth,"sky, just like 12, 13 feet up. Does that give me advantage? What spell is this? This is Silent Image. I can move it. I just can't make it make a sound. Yeah, so as it drifts up in the air, the guard goes, ""Uh."" Looks around. All the about 17 or so townsfolk had began to converge to look up at it. They're all like, ""Ooh."" They're all excited looking at it. It's definitely distracting the current group. The one guard there is like, ""Go, back! Back!"" to everybody. He's starting to look nervous, because he doesn't know why it's lifting up, and he's uncertain about what's",Stealth
Intimidation,"And just keep going. I drop down in front of the kids Batman-style. Stay in school! Don't take my fucking line before I get a chance to say it! So sorry. I'm so sorry! Close, but different motive. So you land and they both go, ""Ah!"" Whatcha buying, kids? ""Uh-- uh--"" You know that shit will fucking kill you, right? Oh goddamn it.",Intimidation
Perception,"it's a round on you, right? ""Of course!"" He tucks it away. ""Thank you!"" Okay, bye. All right, let's go. You feeling that double? No, why? Oh good. That's good. I just-- Damn, that was impressive. Yeah. Oh, my tolerance is like-- Beast mode? It's at an unhealthy level. Let's go. You want to go by Dolan's house? Yeah, let's see if those guys are there. Okay, as you guys quietly make your way towards Dolan's house, as you approach, there's no",Perception
Persuasion,"""At this point, that doesn't even matter. We can't--"" The Richter's gone! You have a chance to ascend to her seat! Wasn't that the plan? ""Yes, but if there is any chance they can bring that back to us-- maybe we leave town for a ""short time. Maybe just go."" Stop. Don't be a coward in this moment. If you want to help this city, if you want to help make the empire better, you're going to have to stand strong. A little risk is going to come with this job, especially in that position. You knew the risk going into this, didn't you? To put your money and your lives at risk?",Persuasion
Investigation,"Dolan nods. ""Okay. I'm good. Sorry, Horris, I don't need you for this. It would be stupid for ""both of us, should anything go wrong, to be taken, swept up by this. Okay? Trust me."" Are you in the house yet? Nope, I'm still out back. She's still out back. (whispers) Fjord? Are you dead? That's Beau. Horris rushes off and opens the back door. While all this was going on, can I do a quick little casing, intelligence to see if there's any thrown-away trash, burned evidence, or anything in the back?",Persuasion
Insight,"Why do you say that, Horris? ""I just didn't trust him. I mean, it took a while for us to be okay with each other, but he ""was always on edge."" He left us in charge of finding justice for his wife, and we intend to. ""That's something."" Seems like you all had your own individual motives for why you were part of the Knights of Requital. You sure yours was just because you wanted to be the High-Richter? ""Anywhere I could help change the law of the town."" Do I believe him?",Insight
Medicine,"sparse. You’ll see one guard walk past, but their numbers seem to have been ushered elsewhere in the city. So you make it down there and you take enough time that you eventually get the lock back open that you left. You head down into basement. It's exactly how you left it. This is the place. Are you with us? Yes, I am. This is the place I was talking to you about. The skeleton’s right over there. I say we put it behind the skeleton. I go take a look at this skeleton. I would like to try to ascertain how long this fucker has been here.",Medicine
Medicine,"The skeleton’s right over there. I say we put it behind the skeleton. I go take a look at this skeleton. I would like to try to ascertain how long this fucker has been here. Make a medicine check. Yeah. Not great at all, like all my skill rolls. Seven. A seven? Hard to tell. I mean, just looking at the level of decomposition, it's been here a while. Do I get anything from it? Is it a normal human skeleton? ""Do I get anything from it?"" You creepy bastard.",Medicine
Survival,"This is why I want the lead box. Is that really going to work? But what if someone breaks in and we're here? Then we're attached to these objects. I mean, I'll sleep down here if you want. Maybe we can get rid of the skelly first. It’ll take 20 seconds to get here from the second that alarm goes off. All right. One night. Okay. Well, let’s hide it. Well. Ja. From normal people. I put the same shitty rag on it that was on it before.",Stealth
Perception,"Do you want me to come in? Are you okay? ""I'm okay."" You sound really weird. I try the doorknob. Okay. It's locked. Cue the horror strings. (violin screeching) I have had this roommate. I was just about to say, Jester’s everyone's little sister when you're a senior in high school. Jester's face pushes through the door! I get down on my hands and knees and try to look. Can I look under the door?",Investigation
Persuasion,"desk, moving very rapidly and with haste. Is grabbing things and seems to be writing something feverishly. But you don't actually see her, you just see the bottom of her feet moving back and forth. Why are so many fucking people trying to skip town? Shady motherfuckers. Claudia, what are you doing? She stops in the space. ""Um, I'm--"" Is everything okay? ""Everything's fine."" Did you see the tower explode? ""I heard about it."" Can you let me in?",Persuasion
Deception,"Closes the door, brings you inside. Can I come in now? Don't take no for an answer. How about now? ""I am aware that you and your team were involved in something this evening. Am I correct?"" Well, we were at the Gala because we were having some fun. ""But you are not in any way, shape or form perhaps doing a burglary and job breaking in for ""the Knights of Requital, yes?"" Who are that? Two floors below we're putting a skull-- (laughter)",Deception
Perception,"Come with me outside, okay? All right. Okay. Schmidt, go open the scroll case. Come on! I shut the door. Okay, you both back out, close the door. (explosion) Oh no! You hear (boom). That is what I was afraid of. Oh shit! Was it loud enough that anyone else could hear? You don't know. Are you fucking serious? Did any of us hear it from the second floor?",Perception
Arcana,"And get Horris out first, right? Pumat's got to have a-- Or a blacksmith. I feel like a blacksmith would be more-- He was telling us about blacksmiths before. There's the Spark Hammer Smith. We could go to the Spark Hammer Smith in the Pentamarket. Yeah. Let's go to that. Have we been there yet? I think we actually have been there before. Yeah, that was the first place we went. Yannick. Jan? Caleb. Yeah?",Arcana
Investigation,"make something else. What should we have him make? A flask. A lead flask. It's weird, every level the intelligence gets lower. Well, should we go? Hold your horses. Oh, we're looking up something. While this is happening, Pumat picks up the book again and puts the glasses on, and starts continuing to read. I was doing a look around to see if there was anything new. Did we get any healing potions?",Persuasion
Arcana,"box, there's still that undulating low hum and grayish glow-- I mean, I can carry this box with me all the time, but don't you think it's weird to carry around a box all the time? No. No, people carry boxes. Can we put the box in the--? The bag? Oh wait, we can't put the box in the bag. Why? Crossing the streams. But now we can put the dodecah-shit-ball in the box and now the box in the bag, right?",Arcana
Insight,"black, almost panther-like fur. Their face is cat-like, with ears that curl up. This is a black tabaxi that has turned around the corner, and goes, ""Halt, friends. I do not recognize-- Lucien?"" Who? What? (incredulous) ""You're alive!"" Oh, sorry, friend, I've got one of those faces people tend to recognize. (gasping in disbelief) ""Lucien!"" She goes forward and does a huge hug. Oh, I'll go with it. And that's where we're going to end tonight's episode! (screaming)",Insight
Insight,"black, almost panther-like fur. Their face is cat-like, with ears that curl up. This is a black tabaxi that has turned around the corner, and goes, ""Halt, friends. I do not recognize-- Lucien?"" Who? What? (incredulous) ""You're alive!"" Oh, sorry, friend, I've got one of those faces people tend to recognize. (gasping in disbelief) ""Lucien!"" She goes forward and does a huge hug. Oh, I'll go with it. And that's where we're going to end tonight's episode! (screaming)",Insight
Insight,"cat-like, with ears that curl up. This is a black tabaxi that has turned around the corner, and goes, ""Halt, friends. I do not recognize-- Lucien?"" Who? What? (incredulous) ""You're alive!"" Oh, sorry, friend, I've got one of those faces people tend to recognize. (gasping in disbelief) ""Lucien!"" She goes forward and does a huge hug. Oh, I'll go with it. And that's where we're going to end tonight's episode! (screaming) (shouting) Insight check! Insight check on",Insight
Insight,"which you have heard of previously as Kara, one of the members of the Knights of Requital, who had vanished seemingly had some sort of connection there. So you entered the Evening Nip, the rather dark and strange interior of the small dive bar, gave the previously discovered words, the code words that allowed you entry and were led down a long spiral staircase beneath the establishment into a subterranean bar. Upon which, after immediately stepping into the space, a black-furred female tabaxi approached Mollymauk over here and with a look of recognition said, ""Lucien,"" and then embraced you. And that's where we left off.",Insight
Deception,"Where are my manners? ""My apologies. My name is Cree."" Cree? ""I am a member of the, well, the family around-- how much do they know?"" We know a lot! We pretty much know all of it, so. We were told the name of the group that you traveled with, but I can't remember it now. They don't know a lot, but they're trustworthy. I've been putting my trust in them so far. I do, I know all of it, so you can just tell me if you want to. That's actually fair.",Persuasion
Insight,"chuckling) comes up and he pulls out a set of cards and is shuffling them in his hand as he steps around the side. He's now flanking the right side of The Gentleman, so you have the large goliath on one side, the small, creepy gnome on the other, shuffling the cards. Hands the deck to The Gentleman, does one final cut, sets it down. ""So what's your name?"" Fjord. ""Fjord. Let us deal."" Did you put 50 gold on the table? No. Now I do. There was nothing fishy in the card shuffle, in the cut, was there?",Insight
Insight,"cards in his hand, looks across at you, looks all throughout the room. ""Well, Fjord, looks like it's time to call."" What, we're not going to bet again? (silence) Puts another 100 gold on the table. Let's make it 150. (laughs) ""Very well."" (mutters) That's all the money I have. Have we seen anything suspicious from the deals, or the-- (as Jester) Jester wants you to know that from home she is watching The Gentleman and making sure he is not cheating.",Insight
Insight,"throughout the room. ""Well, Fjord, looks like it's time to call."" What, we're not going to bet again? (silence) Puts another 100 gold on the table. Let's make it 150. (laughs) ""Very well."" (mutters) That's all the money I have. Have we seen anything suspicious from the deals, or the-- (as Jester) Jester wants you to know that from home she is watching The Gentleman and making sure he is not cheating. Make an insight check for Jester, and you",Insight
Insight,"deal?"" To clear our name here in Zadash? How do we know that you can clear our name? We've proven to you that we're lucky. You know our reputation. We don't know anything about you. ""Let's say I've lived and worked a solid 15 years orchestrating the seedy underbelly of this ""entire city. I've never been caught, I've never been arrested, and I thrive on a pile of gold and ""riches you can only begin to imagine."" I'm beginning to imagine it right now, actually. ""Good."" That's very nice.",Insight
Insight,"To clear our name here in Zadash? How do we know that you can clear our name? We've proven to you that we're lucky. You know our reputation. We don't know anything about you. ""Let's say I've lived and worked a solid 15 years orchestrating the seedy underbelly of this ""entire city. I've never been caught, I've never been arrested, and I thrive on a pile of gold and ""riches you can only begin to imagine."" I'm beginning to imagine it right now, actually. ""Good."" That's very nice. Insight check.",Insight
Sleight of Hand,"more brackish. The acid itself is a little more translucent, but you could possibly add a little bit of alcohol to it. All right, I'll take a little splash of alcohol and some darker stuff and mix it around. You're an alchemist, you've dealt with varying chemicals. So I'd say, given a moment, you could go ahead and match it fairly close, sure. All right, this one is the acid  these two are booze. And now I will try to (rapid movement)-- Doesn't actually switch hands, you just do this a lot. Never mess with a goblin when death is on the line!",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"""you and send you on your way."" Outstanding. How long do you keep our blood for? ""Oh, as long as we have our arrangements."" But we get it back when we're done? Or we decide not to work with you anymore? ""If you've proven yourself trustworthy enough, in the long term, perhaps. But understand ""that this is just a precaution. Who's to know? Perhaps things go sour in a few months. I want to ""make sure you don't double cross me and send the guard down."" Does it look like he's speaking from experience? He's a little twitchy.",Insight
Perception,"sipping out of the tankard and looking nervously around. Want to accompany me? I would love to. Let's go. Just the two of you approaching? Sure. Anyone else wants to join. I'm taking a long look at Cree and I want to see if I see any of the things that I expect to see. What do you expect to see there, T? You know. Dander. I want to see if there's any markings or anything otherwise that I would expect to see.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"""newcomers walk in here and think you're all tough shit! You think it's so great? Go! Go in there! ""Come back!"" Trying to throw it in the garbage, but it hit your balloon. I saw the whole-- Still a game. ""You think you're tough shit? You go take care of it."" I appreciate your passion. I don't think you're in great favor in this room, at the moment. You see that really tall woman over there with that big greatsword on her back? She doesn't appreciate when people talk to us like that.",Intimidation
Deception,"The sun rose, and nothing. So, as you told us, if ""anything were to go wrong, we had to get rid of any sign, any trace. So, not far from the Tomb ""Taker hideout, we buried you and we went our separate ways. She took the tome, the mage woman, ""it was part of the arrangement you had with her."" I'm going to have to find her again at some point. The reason I've stayed quiet-- It was never going to work. Somebody was working against me. I don't know who, but I can't trust anyone. I saw how you reacted to seeing me and it was-- I'm willing to believe it wasn't you who turned. But it could have been her, but it could have been one of us. That's why I need you to keep it quiet. Please.",Persuasion
Deception,"any sign, any trace. So, not far from the Tomb ""Taker hideout, we buried you and we went our separate ways. She took the tome, the mage woman, ""it was part of the arrangement you had with her."" I'm going to have to find her again at some point. The reason I've stayed quiet-- It was never going to work. Somebody was working against me. I don't know who, but I can't trust anyone. I saw how you reacted to seeing me and it was-- I'm willing to believe it wasn't you who turned. But it could have been her, but it could have been one of us. That's why I need you to keep it quiet. Please. Make a deception check. You're starting to get in deep into this now.",Persuasion
Perception,"I'm going to have to find her again at some point. The reason I've stayed quiet-- It was never going to work. Somebody was working against me. I don't know who, but I can't trust anyone. I saw how you reacted to seeing me and it was-- I'm willing to believe it wasn't you who turned. But it could have been her, but it could have been one of us. That's why I need you to keep it quiet. Please. Make a deception check. You're starting to get in deep into this now. Deception check? 13. Can I wander over and see if I can overhear anything?",Insight
Insight,"the other night? Or are you rolling in it? Am I rolling in it? Yeah, I'm wondering if you just wagered the party's funds. On a very calculated risk. Oh. No, I was actually only gambling my funds. So you come with funds on you. Yeah. Do you know, I would be all right if you had? I am a fan of calculated risks. Are you? Yeah. But it was just, you know-- You're flush. I understand. At the moment.",Insight
Insight,"Am I rolling in it? Yeah, I'm wondering if you just wagered the party's funds. On a very calculated risk. Oh. No, I was actually only gambling my funds. So you come with funds on you. Yeah. Do you know, I would be all right if you had? I am a fan of calculated risks. Are you? Yeah. But it was just, you know-- You're flush. I understand. At the moment. Insight check.",Insight
Perception,"Okay. How long have you been in the Empire? Make sure that's correct, actually. That is correct. You don't know if you were born there or grew up there? Yes. How long have you been here in the Empire? For about-- I don't know, when did I meet you? God, was it a year and a half ago? Year and a half. Give or take. How many people are listening in on this clearly right now?",Persuasion
Insight,"They are serving us free drinks, of course they're listening to everything we say. Let's retire for the evening. Don't we need to talk to Kara? We can come back and do this tomorrow. No! She's right here today! You talk to Kara, then, but no more whatever this is. Why, Lucien? You afraid the Myriad will hear? What's his reaction? He definitely had a thing! I am genuinely a little drunk, and didn't remember who the Myriad were. Do I believe him?",Insight
Insight,"to kiss later? That's a good one. Have to remember that one. ""Look, I deceived no one, outside of what you needed to know. We got our business done. I've ""done nothing wrong."" How much of this was orchestrated from the beginning? Were we a distraction for the bigger picture? ""What do you mean?"" The attack on the tower. ""Oh, the Crick attack on the tower? No, had nothing to do with us. We're not going to work ""with those savage beasts.""",Insight
Religion,"truth thinks you owe it something. None of that. I like my bullshit. It's good. It's happy. It makes other people happy. But it's not who you are. It is exactly who I am. Can I ask you, when you're praying over your swords at night, are you actually doing anything? Well, do you know who the Moonweaver is? No. Excellent. The swords are cheap carnival glass. There's nothing special about them. May I make a check to see if I have ever heard of the Moonweaver?",Religion
Insight,"Some people are vulnerable and looking for answers. I left every town better than I found it. Which tattoos are the old ones? I mean, I don't want to see your naked body or anything. But do you have some? Is it-- yeah, no. So I show off the peacock a little bit. One of the peacock feathers on the neck-- What about your tattoos, though? Thank you, Liam. One of the eyes on one of the peacock feathers is a bright crimson red, which any of you if you'd ever made a fucking",Insight
Persuasion,"""Well, might I have your name? I don't think we've had the pleasure personally."" Fjord. ""Fjord--?"" Tough. ""Fjord Tough. Pumat Sol Prime. And I believe this is now known as ""Fjord's Cloak."" So does that mean that the-- I've seen a deal somewhere with somebody, also threw in some healing spells when they bought a cloak? Is that a thing? ""You're looking for a discount for the healing potion?"" Yeah.",Persuasion
Stealth,"to discombobulate you, and direction in the chamber, and pull you through in different ways, to prevent you from orienting where you were and where you're going. Eventually you're led through a doorway, you hear some things shift, and then turned around a bit, and then led down a ladder. The ladder goes down for about 20 or so feet before your feet touch some sort of soft dirt, packed dirt-type feeling. The sound of the music and chatter vanishes up ahead and you hear, as soon as you all head down the ladder, a latch close and lock above you. How did my cat do? Your cat managed to-- actually, make a",Perception
Perception,(Pigeon cooing) --continue down the river for a short time. The river splits up for a bit and actually divides into two tunnels. Where are we going? Should one of us go in one and one of us go in the other? That seems not like a good idea. I know something about sailing! The right one is the bow and the left one is the stern. Should we go in the bow or the stern? Is there water running to the left or the right? Does it look like it picks up current on either side?,Perception
Perception,"I know something about sailing! The right one is the bow and the left one is the stern. Should we go in the bow or the stern? Is there water running to the left or the right? Does it look like it picks up current on either side? Make a perception check with disadvantage because of the low light. Oh, that's a fucking two. That's four. Yeah. Hard to tell at this distance and it's coming up quickly. Can we feel more wind coming from either side?",Perception
Athletics,"ceiling has come in and above it is just dirt. It's loose rock and pieces of well-carved stone and masonry that have been destroyed, apparently upon exiting whatever was beyond this wall. Can I see what was giving me the arcane signature? You feel it on the opposite, the other side of this rock slide. Can we clear out these rocks? I think we just need to get closer. But we're right here. Yeah. What about you two beefcakes? Can you move these stones out of the way? (grunting)",Investigation
Investigation,"I guess I can be after Yasha. All right. Jester after Yasha. I'm right in the middle. I'm after Jester or after Fjord. Where do you want to be? I'll take up the rears. (deep voice) I always take up the rears. I'm always a fan of the rears. Yeah, I was going to say not the back, but I will let the bruiser walk behind me. So Beau's at the back keeping an eye open. As you guys slowly step down the stone stairs, deeper and deeper still-- Check for traps!",Investigation
Investigation,"Rogue shit! That's going to be a 26 to hit. That hits. You take five points of piercing damage as a long, metal bolt fires out of the hole and sticks you right in the front of the thigh. Ah! Fuck! (laughter) I found a trap! Really? Is it spent now? Let me check. I'll see if there's any other triggers for this trap. On this trap, at this floor point? You jump",Investigation
Investigation,"Great. You hear a (clanking) on the inside of the wall there, and that trap is busted. Are there any more? I don't know! I check for more traps. Two for investigation. Two for investigation? Has the party held up at this point? You guys are all just in the back watching this happen. I don't know how to be a rogue! While that happened, I would like to investigate the part of the room that I can see. Is there anything dangerous or hinky?",Investigation
Perception,"Maybe nobody else do that. No, I'm going to run. I feel like this is going well. I'm running. All right. As you guys run through, it's still resetting. Who's going through? I'm going for it. Are we all going? Ah! I'm running! I'm holding onto Mollymauk and just following. Who's holding up the back? I'll hold up the back. I want to look around and see if I see anything that looks of value.",Acrobatics
Perception,"the floor. How do we turn a ceiling? Maybe we've got to go all the way back up to the top. That's my thought. The top of what? The spiral staircase. To see from the top? We need a down here team and an up here team and maybe a Frumpkin to communicate through. Well, I will remember this. I have a perfect memory, I will remember this exactly. Does the pillar coming out of the ceiling have a hole in it as well?",Investigation
Investigation,"I am really good at finding holes. She talks about them a lot. Yeah. 20. Glancing up at it, the pillar itself comes down in a square-shape, and the very base of it has a slight curvature or dome to it, but it is solid. You don't see any seams in it, you don't see any marking. It is just a solid pillar. It's about ten feet wide or so. Has ten minutes gone by yet? At this point, yeah, as they began to look around. You said you're searching for anything else in the chamber. That looks like it would fit in the rod.",Investigation
Perception,"are inset with art pieces once were set, but are gone. There are shelves in places in here, where things of worth were once set but have already been taken. The opposite side of the room, by the way, has completely fallen in. This chamber should be about 80 feet across, but it looks like something has happened and caused it to collapse inward, and the chamber is slightly tilted to one side. There's a slight tilt, a decline towards the left-hand side of the chamber. There are two load-bearing pillars that mark the center of the chamber that lead up to the ceiling, and the ceiling itself is about 30 feet up, similar height to the previous chamber you were in. Make a",Perception
Perception,"I'm walking in. So you all begin to make your way inside this chamber. Anything arcane before it dips out? Nothing arcane in nature that catches your attention immediately in a 30 foot distance. Are you heading into the chamber? No. I'm behind Beau. Okay. Behind Beau, at the entrance way, you don't feel any arcane presence. The rest of you begin to push past, and make your way into the chamber. And once again you see-- Any ghosty globbies? Yeah, I'll looking for will-o'-wisps.",Perception
Investigation,"I'm going to scoot up behind Fjord and see if I can detect any arcane anything before the spell sniffs out. Okay. In the final throes of the spell, the source of that metallic shine does give a faint, arcane, magical aura before the spell fades. What kind was it? For that one? It would be abjuration. Yeah. I'm going to scoot around the side and see if I can peek into those holes. Those reliefs in the walls. The alcoves? Alcoves. Okay. You head over to the side alcove. Make",Investigation
Perception,"quarter of an inch deep. Should I stick something in these eyes? Maybe. Is there any way to see what is in the urns? Like just have a peeksies. You come towards the urn. You have to pull it out slightly to look into it because the interior is too hard to see from this point. I'm going to get my crossbow ready to fire. Okay. Can I just, with my sword, just a little. Sure. You take your sword and wedge it out. It shifts forward a little bit and you look inside. It looks like there is ash in the urn.",Perception
Investigation,"You hear your name and you look up just as the torch-- Okay! You reach up and try and grab it. Catch it, (fumbling). Let it fall! Falls in the clothes, I start burning alive. A rope? Yeah. We already have a rope down. I put a rope down. Can I look around, see if there are any weapons or objects?",Acrobatics
Athletics,"upstairs if you want to. You want to rest first or do you want me to tell you what it is now? You can tell me what it is now. Okay, so 10 minutes that takes. Identify. All right, that is a potion of necrotic resistance. Well, I don't have it. You have it. ""When you drink this potion, you gain resistance to necrotic damage for one hour."" Nice. Cool. Whenever we get done with the short rest, can Beau start peeking through and digging away at the collapsed entrance into that tunnel?",Athletics
Investigation,"I'm going to join Molly, I think someone needs to be upstairs. You guys stay. Molly, you have the bowls right? I have the bowls. Beau and Molly head back up the stairs. I'm going to take a look at that purple-- is there only one of those little purple glowing rocks that seems to be creating light? As you look going through, you see there are a few other stone cages that have been opened and left empty. That is one that has not been removed. I'm going to open it and I will-- I'm going to poke at it to see if it seems trapped or anything.",Investigation
Investigation,"bookcase. That's all you can see at this distance. The dome cages are solid steel, or are they bars? They're bars, but the bars are an inch, inch and a half between each. It's very little space in between. I'm going to start heading in this direction, too. Does one of them look like it was possibly holding a gelatinous cube at some point? Are you entering the chamber to look? Yeah, I'll go with you. You should detect traps. All right, I'll look for traps. I know it's my job.",Investigation
Perception,"pill-shaped side rooms, and across the way there is the bookcase and the two tables. As you get closer and see, there's two non-lit candelabra. What faint bits of candle remnants are there are mostly melted, and the wax dripping off and causing small pools in the ground, but they've been cold for some time. I go over to one of the cages. Did we wait the short amount of time for Detect Magic? I am in-between you and them, and I'm come on, come on. I go over to one of the cages, the nearest left one.",Investigation
Perception,"14. You glance through with the light that's flickering through the various gaps in this iron cage, and inside you can see a similar clay urn, deep red, sitting in the center. You see burnt and tattered clothing at the sides of it. Oh jeez. Got another urn here full of ash. Be careful! Kill it! Break it! Anyone want to check the other cages? Make sure it's not the same thing in each? I'll go take a look at the other cage. I'll go look at another one.",Perception
Arcana,"the ash down within, there are remnants of ash around the outside in a circle, and bits of cloth and material, and this chain noose hanging above where this urn was. Would I be insane for thinking this is how they make them? Make what? The will-o'-wisps. The will-o'-wisps are the dead. They are left from the dead. This was a factory, maybe? Heading over to Molly, I stop in the middle of the room at that inert circle. Does it look like anything?",Arcana
Investigation,"We can wait until later. Put it in the bag. It's very sharp and the bag is easily punctured and I don't want to risk it. I'll strap it to my back. Shouldn't we, for good measure, be breaking up these other ceramic--? Are those ceramic pots giving anything off? The tables, by the way, that are right next to the bookshelf, have writing utensils, quills on the side, one has an inkwell that has been long dried over that has a spider web attached to it. Does it have any paper?",Investigation
Perception,"cloth of its body suddenly scatter, like someone had blown a heavy wind into a stack of loose cloth that all eventually turns into ash and vanishes. There, you see a dull blue glow where the sword is grinding against the stone, before that eventually dissipates into nothingness. Yeah, ghostslayer! Last pot! Good job, Molly. Beau, your stun wears off. That guy knew way too much about everything. Caleb. Can I see that last pot from where I am?",Perception
Investigation,"That brings us to Jester's turn, as you come to consciousness, since you guys are on the same initiative. You can do something, if you like. Pot! Pot! I guess I'll walk over and try to take out the pot. That's half your movement to get up, and then five, ten, 15, that's as far as you get. Can I try to throw something at it? What do you have to throw? Yeah, I don't think I have anything that will fit through that little hole-- I could try picking up a rock on the ground and throwing it at it.",Athletics
Religion,"Grab his heart and run. From the ground. There was no heart on the ground As you struck it, the energy dispersed. Let's run away. What if we have to get it with the sword? It's a two-handed weapon. I can't do it. Yasha can, though. Why? You're strong! You can do it. I can't use two-handed weapons. As you guys watch it push out of the wall, (gasping sound) making its way there. Wait! Maybe if we show it the sword, he'll chill out. Caleb, make an intelligence check. You make",Religion
Athletics,"Right, okay. That finishes its turn. Beau, you're up. You watch Yasha slam on the ground, unconscious next to you, the blade clattering to the ground and coming to rest. The creature lifts up (wheezing) and vanishes into the stone above you. I can't get a reaction from it, as it goes? It was not close enough to you, unfortunately. Fuck. I'm going to run over to this bookcase and put my staff behind it to see if I can knock it over. You get the staff on the fulcrum. Go ahead",Athletics
Athletics,"Roll for that. 2d4 plus your Wisdom modifier. Six plus four. Ten! You heal ten hit points. Yasha, you come to consciousness on the ground. Your weapon is about two feet from your grasp. The first thing you do, your eyes shoot open and then shoot to your weapon. Natural instinct to defend yourself. It's easily within your grasp. You just have to get up to grab it. Can I get all the way over to the bookcase? (counting) 30. You get right to the bookcase. I try to yank it over.",Athletics
Investigation,"You got ashed and feathered? Tarred and-- What do you call it? Oiled and ashed! It's cool guys. It's fun. Suddenly I'm scared of falling on the beach. I send in two globules after her to see the antiqued goblin. It's a small chamber. It's five foot by five foot. Anyone else is going to be pretty down in there, but you fit in fairly comfortably. There's the shattered urn and a few small pieces of pottery with intricate gold scrolling. They're probably very nice pieces of art or decor. I'm going to check for traps.",Investigation
Arcana,"Sure, as soon as the hole gets bigger. I'll open the other box with my Mage-y Hand-y! Okay. That box opens up, and there's another splash of that same poisonous powder, but you're off to the side. It only gets anyone who's immediately in front of the box. I did it, guys! I feel like Nott's head comes out of the hole, going (rapid gasping) for fresh air. What's in that box? That box contains a folded raiment of some kind, like a ceremonial mantle made of dark black and gray cloth with red embroidered designs on it. Do I recognize any symbols or anything?",Arcana
Arcana,"What about that cloak? I put them in the bag. How about that? Okay. You have the folded mantle. What does the mantle look like? The mantle is a dark black, a front chest mantle area, with gray stripes coming along the sides and this red embroidered design that emerges from around the neck, all across the front and back of the mantle. Does it look familiar? No. I was hoping. Can I come up and see if it has any magic feel to it?",Arcana
Investigation,"on the shelf that we knocked over. The shelf is mostly empty. There was that one book on the desk. We could sit down on the floor together and have a look. What else did you get out of there? You have the urns in the cages. You have the tables over there. You have the two braziers filled with ash on the sides. You have the broken cages back there. Everything that you see there is what's in the chamber. I'm going to do a tour of the urns and see if there's anything, jewelry or something, hidden in there.",Investigation
Arcana,"grasp. You go past the brazier on that side with the ashes, and you poke around with your staff, and something catches your staff underneath the ash. You prod in there, and as you push it aside, there's an object in the ash that is partially burned. As you pull it free and dust it off, it's another book. A large portion of the back of it is burned off, and most of the pages are destroyed on the back end, but a good half of the book is mostly still intact. Like when it got thrown in there to be destroyed, the flame wasn't quite strong enough to consume the entire book. Can I do a little flip through of it? Yeah. As you go through, it's filled with",Investigation
Perception,"hand. I walk over to Caleb. Hey Caleb. Found this. Oh. Would you like to add it to the pile? Sure. I think it's got stuff for you in it. I'm not really into smut. That's a bit of a ruse. That's unfortunate, actually. I mean, more than normal. Sure. Within reason. Can I walk to the entrance to the tunnel, just to keep an eye out, while he does his thing?",Perception
Medicine,"It's a bunch of gold and jewels. Hey, you know, this is going to take a while, so why don't we put it all down, and I will get to work, okay? I'm poisoned. (laughter) How much you care to drink is on you. I've got an herbalism kit. There's like a purple froth at the corner of her mouth. It's spitting out-- She's antiqued too. She's covered in ash. Covered in oil and ash. Can I use my herbalism kit to get rid of the poison?",Medicine
Religion,"foot-by-foot space. The urn was a big old thing. Clarification: When Caleb did Detect Magic, did the circle in the center of the room glow at all? Or is it-- It's dead. Nope. You see it's been scarred intentionally from the inside. Possibly, whatever flurry of intent that Siff had to burn the book, destroy everything, burn everything from the inside also, was to destroy the circle and allow nothing else to come through. You get the sense that the final moments in this chamber were probably very paranoid. What do we remember about the Crawling King? Do you know anything?",Religion
Religion,"Clarification: When Caleb did Detect Magic, did the circle in the center of the room glow at all? Or is it-- It's dead. Nope. You see it's been scarred intentionally from the inside. Possibly, whatever flurry of intent that Siff had to burn the book, destroy everything, burn everything from the inside also, was to destroy the circle and allow nothing else to come through. You get the sense that the final moments in this chamber were probably very paranoid. What do we remember about the Crawling King? Do you know anything? That would be a religion check.",Religion
Insight,"The awe-inspiring one with the face is from a dream you had? Was it the salt-water dream? No. I don't think so. Could be. You need to work on vivid dreams. You can control yourself-- Lucid dreaming, yeah. How do you do that? I don't know. I think it's crystals or something? You can keep a dream journal. That's a good way to do it. When you wake up, you just write. Write it down immediately what you remember. It really helps.",Insight
Survival,"You could. It would be tiring. We're already out this far. Might as well see where it goes for a little bit. It could be scary. There could be more rock monsters and things. There are literally going to be rock monsters if we go back the other way. Yeah, if we are doing that, then I suggest camping in this chamber before going forward, because we are all bloodied and battered, you know. Sure. We could do that. It has been a really long day so far. What time is it?",Survival
Investigation,"You'd have to climb to get to the top, and you have no idea how to get a boat up there. You get the sense that if you had gone the other way down here, you would've suddenly had a waterfall drop. Is there land off to the sides of the bottom of the waterfall? Very thin, a half a foot to a foot, but there are a lot of stones and rocks that have tumbled through the river over time and set at the bottom that would've destroyed a boat that had fallen off the edge of that waterfall. Good to know. Does it seem like there are any boats that are broken at the bottom of it?",Perception
Perception,"here, you would've suddenly had a waterfall drop. Is there land off to the sides of the bottom of the waterfall? Very thin, a half a foot to a foot, but there are a lot of stones and rocks that have tumbled through the river over time and set at the bottom that would've destroyed a boat that had fallen off the edge of that waterfall. Good to know. Does it seem like there are any boats that are broken at the bottom of it? You can make an investigation check as you're rowing up to the edge, glancing over the side. Is there anywhere to stop the boat?",Investigation
Insight,"On one end, it hits rock. Does not. (gasping) There's a little space behind the water. Should we go? There's always shit behind waterfalls. I think we should. Do you think it's going to bludgeon us? I'm already taking off my jacket. I'm taking off everything that I don't want to get wet, keeping just one sword, and I'm going to go for it. Nipple rings in or out? Weirdly, there are no nipple rings. Those things are dangerous. They catch on shit.",Insight
Investigation,"He's folding beer cans into little shapes. What's an alhoon to do? Anyway, you guys come out of the water and quickly glance, as your hair's drenched on the sides of your face-- except for you. It's short enough hair. On the inside, it's fairly empty, except for a skeleton. A humanoid skeleton against a back wall that is laying there. It has manacles or chains attached to its wrists, neck, and feet, and they're all connected by a singular chain in the center, and it's resting there, and it's probably been here for a while. That's bad luck. We seem to keep finding these. I am going to examine this thing.",Investigation
Investigation,"going to examine this thing. Make an investigation check. Seven. I mean, the body's pretty rotted. It looks like whatever clothing they're wearing is very basic material that is-- It would be more disintegrated if there wasn't so much moisture in the area, and it looks like bits of it have been eaten away with fungus and mold over time. The manacles are very well made, and looking at the edges where they connect, there's a small rune at that point. No scratches in the walls or any pouches or compartments on the floor around this little space?",Investigation
Investigation,"There. 12. Looking at the features of the skull, they're a little bit more delicate than an average human's skull. You get the sense they may be of partial elven blood. Not full elf, but partial elf. Never go full elf. Very true. Well, on your way, Yorick. I set it adrift. Yep, put the manacles over and I'll jump back in. I'm going to also keep my eyes open. I'm going to try to get a little bit down into this to see if there's any bits and pieces underwater. Yeah, that's what I was going to say.",Investigation
Insight,"work at one point. Did you do that? On purpose? Yeah. I did. Why? Couldn't afford a root canal? That would have been a better excuse. When I was younger, they used to make fun of my teeth. Who? Kids can be cruel so I decided to take away the target that was most easily available for them. Did you grow up with people who did not have tusks like you? So you were different? Yeah, at the time there weren't any others like me. I feel like I was especially picked on for my teeth.",Insight
Insight,"Couldn't afford a root canal? That would have been a better excuse. When I was younger, they used to make fun of my teeth. Who? Kids can be cruel so I decided to take away the target that was most easily available for them. Did you grow up with people who did not have tusks like you? So you were different? Yeah, at the time there weren't any others like me. I feel like I was especially picked on for my teeth. Insight check. (laughter) Jesus.",Insight
Insight,"Kids can be cruel so I decided to take away the target that was most easily available for them. Did you grow up with people who did not have tusks like you? So you were different? Yeah, at the time there weren't any others like me. I feel like I was especially picked on for my teeth. Insight check. (laughter) Jesus. My childhood damage-- Insight check! Just a ten, not great. As a note, generally you can say ""do I believe him?"" and I'll tell you to make an insight",Insight
Insight,"Did you grow up with people who did not have tusks like you? So you were different? Yeah, at the time there weren't any others like me. I feel like I was especially picked on for my teeth. Insight check. (laughter) Jesus. My childhood damage-- Insight check! Just a ten, not great. As a note, generally you can say ""do I believe him?"" and I'll tell you to make an insight check. It's not ""I'm going to use an Insight Check action!""",Insight
Insight,"I'm sure I don't have to. It's like people who chew their nails, I guess. They will always grow back, even if you--? They are persistent. How quickly do they come back? Not super fast. Is that why you have blood on your mouth? Were you filing your teeth last night? No. I think I bit my lip. I hate it when that happens. Yeah, right, and then you bite it again the next day. Do I believe him?",Insight
Stealth,"forward, Yasha pushes on, manages to gain ground. Jester, while doing fine yesterday, trying to do the advanced pushes, you're still making it up the stream, but you're still a little sore from the night before. She did rowing yesterday. Yeah. However, you're not making any loud noises at the moment. As you glance up, none of the darkmantles-- you look up and you can see now there are a few that are adhered to the ceiling, but they don't seem to have noticed your presence yet. As you're rowing through, you're falling behind. You manage to get through unnoticed and actually way above the one boat. I need all the",Stealth
Perception,"making your way down and as you made your way to this portion of the cavern, you walk back, being lead by Kara through the Underworks. Do I see anything of note through Frumpkin's eyes as we walk? Same path as you went last time, not as busy. Nobody else is walking through the halls. It's early enough where there isn't much. You do come past that chamber before where you saw the cages in there and there's two more cages set inside, even larger. One of them is a heavy meshed series of metal. You don't hear anything in there. Can I tell what's inside there?",Perception
Deception,"""Right."" Was there a gelatinous cube at one point? There was, actually, yes. Yeah, this big cube came down from the ceiling and it tried to eat us. ""That's terrifying."" Indeed. It's pretty scary. Good thing you sent the pros. Amateurs probably would have had a worse time. Found lots of skeletons along the way. Yeah. And exactly six rings for you.",Deception
Deception,"Careful, they're very old. ""Of course. I'm a collector myself. It's fine. This is beautiful make. This is pre-Divergence as well. (chuckles)."" I bet they're worth a whole of money then, huh? ""Oh, most certainly! To the right people, they can be worth quite a bit."" We found some candlesticks too. Also some candlesticks. ""All right."" You produce the candelabra. ""These six rings, you say."" It was seven. I give one of the extra rings.",Deception
Deception,"Give him the book. (sigh) Caleb, we talked about this. Yeah, and we said that we'd give him the book, so I'm a little confused. No! All right, man. Been in the business longer than we have. I toss him the research notebook. He catches it. Here's the precious research you were looking for. ""All right. Thank you."" You're welcome. ""Is that all of it?"" Yes.",Deception
Insight,"826LA. (laughter) I'm sorry kids. It's really a shame. We didn't think this through. At that point, he sits back comfortably. ""Very well. Thank you so much. I'm impressed. I am happy. Keep the rings. I said you can take something back with you, and you've done your job. You've proven yourselves very trustworthy. Please, at your leisure. Take solace in knowing that your friend, Horris, is safely on his way to Berleben."" Seemingly? ""Safely."" Do I believe him?",Insight
Intimidation,"I'm going to look at it, and then I'm going to give it back to you. Does it say any more? On this, it has the Xhorhasian note, and it has the Harvest Close coming the third of Fessuran. Those are the two notes of the day. You literally just-- that's all that's on there. ""That's my job."" Hey! ""Ah!"" Where do we sign up for the Victory Pit? ""I don't know."" Tell me. You know! You want to tell her.",Intimidation
Deception,"places to go for medical purposes. Can I use my Mask of Many Faces, and I'll adopt an older face with a gray beard and a dark hood, and can I walk into the physician's office? Yeah, easily enough. You walk into the main area, and one of the clerks there with the same white robes approaches. ""Can I help you, sir?"" (as Sean Connery) Yes, hello. (laughter) Commit to it! (as Sean Connery) Is Ren Sutan there? (laughter) ""What do you require of the Doctor?"" (as Sean Connery) Just get him.",Deception
Perception,"His eyes go wide. ""We have no business--"" Fetch him. Now. What happened to Sean Connery? I fucking lost it. (as Sean Connery) Fetch him now. I'm a Russian sub commander. ""Very well. I'll go fetch him."" He walks past you out of the-- (as Sean Connery) Do your best. Losers always whine about their best. He walks around you and exits the front of the facility and begins walking down the road, out of sight. I'll turn and follow him.",Persuasion
Medicine,"have? I have no idea. Skein. No, we bought those magic mushrooms. No, it's a fungal powder. Hey Caleb, you want to take a look at the pouch? Skein, I've heard many arguments over the pronunciation. It's a real thing? You didn't make it up? No, the word is a real thing. It's a weaving term. If I take a look at this skein, can I take a guess at what kind of illicit material I'm looking at?",Medicine
Medicine,"Skein. No, we bought those magic mushrooms. No, it's a fungal powder. Hey Caleb, you want to take a look at the pouch? Skein, I've heard many arguments over the pronunciation. It's a real thing? You didn't make it up? No, the word is a real thing. It's a weaving term. If I take a look at this skein, can I take a guess at what kind of illicit material I'm looking at? It's a fungus. Make a medicine check. Yeah, I have bad experience with fungus.",Medicine
Investigation,"would be real funny to plant it on somebody and get them busted later. Was it a powder, or was it like crumbles? It's like a crumbled, dry, almost a spongy-- You guys looked like idiots, just so you know. Shall we get you cleaned up? We need to get Nott cleaned up, too. Nott cleaned up? Yeah Nott's covered in ash. Oh yeah, everybody, let's take a bath. Can I have tried to find any information on the conflict on the Xhorhas border?",Investigation
Persuasion,"I sharpen it. It's so sharp. I sharpen it every night. ""That's wonderful. I think in the long run, that'll be a very useful feature, but it's also not that uncommon of an object-- "" It's touched by the moon. ""Yeah. I'm touched by the sun every morning."" (laughter) ""I'll happily give you 30 gold pieces for that there sword, if you don't mind?"" I paid all of my money for this, and it was so much more than that. ""Well, that's the nature of business. I'm",Persuasion
Persuasion,"every night. ""That's wonderful. I think in the long run, that'll be a very useful feature, but it's also not that uncommon of an object-- "" It's touched by the moon. ""Yeah. I'm touched by the sun every morning."" (laughter) ""I'll happily give you 30 gold pieces for that there sword, if you don't mind?"" I paid all of my money for this, and it was so much more than that. ""Well, that's the nature of business. I'm afraid."" Make a persuasion check, if you want.",Persuasion
Perception,"silver cups. ""I will place it underneath one of these. Mix it around. Pay attention. Guess the ""right one. Get your coin back plus one. Get it wrong, coin stays with me. Simple game."" Well, I just so happen to have three silver on me. It takes one silver to play? ""Yes. At least."" At least. Well, I am feeling lucky today and always. Here it is. ""Onto the table."" She takes the center cup (click). Cup's over it. I'm looking. I'm going to hold my wire up to my mouth. All righty. That being the case, I would",Perception
Perception,"I'd like to compete please. I give her my two silver. Do me proud. Yes please. ""A silver?"" Yeah, here. ""Of course."" Coin goes down. Cups over it. Now there's a small crowd gathering. Now people are starting to watch. There was a victory apparently, and some cheers. I am going to back up like five or six steps and also do the same thing Nott did. She begins shifting and shifting and shifting and shifting. Eyes focused on you. Starting to look strangely at you. ""Very well.",Perception
Sleight of Hand,"(cheering) You were paying attention. All of a sudden, you lost it. Looking up at her eyes, you were so caught off guard by her staring at your fairly well-concealed goblin visage, but seemingly not enough, as she has a curious raised eyebrow. That spooks you for a second. You go ""Oh, shit!"" You lost track of the cups. I got a total of 20. Total of 20. On the perception? Okay. ""What are you going to pick?"" I will choose-- eenie, meenie, miney. Do I get a chance to whisper to her what I saw? Because I want to do the same thing.",Sleight of Hand
Investigation,"a streamer, and the streamers continue past and flap around, hitting people. It's adorable and delightfully intense. The guard presence is very much felt here, but everyone is in high spirits. You get the sense that everyone has been waiting to get to this festival, to this moment here. It's a much different atmosphere than the gala you had seen a week before in the Tri-Spires. They needed this catharsis, it feels like. TALIESIN Quite a party. I want to find the most ridiculous mead out there. Oh, there are quite a few mead stands, so",Investigation
Perception,"people of the city of Zadash. You don't see a parental figure in the near vicinity. Where's your mama? Do you have a mama? Is she around? Just runs off. Oh no, I was going to give you more, but okay. Goodbye. Should we go after her? I can hunt her down. No. While I start to enjoy my apple, I would like to look around and see if there are any book stalls or book barrels. Those festive book stalls. A barrel of books!",Investigation
Performance,"walking by and people watching in general. You're on the opposite side of the anvil from the herald who's still chewing on her meat. What do you want to do? I would like to get my paint set out and paint pink hearts all over the back side of the anvil along with ""The Traveler was here"". Then I'm going to leave a couple travel brochures for the Traveler. Yeah, I think that's good but they're sizeable hearts. I want nice pretty pink, all over the hammer. The anvil. Just for the sake of presentation because you're doing this with a bit of haste, knowing that you're under pressure. Go ahead and roll a",Performance
Sleight of Hand,"but they turned away from you and it seems that you've managed to go this far without being noticed. You finish up your last heart, the exclamation point and the underline of the Traveler. Oh, and I'm going to take some sequins off of my sequins glove and sprinkle it on there. (tinkling) A little granny painting furiously. Just (straining). You put the pamphlets there on the side, slip them beneath the offering bowl at the base of it. I want one sitting right on top of the anvil. Then I'm going to leave.",Sleight of Hand
Investigation,"Yeah, a short jaunt. Not too hard to find a darkened corner where you can do it. Yeah, okay. Then I would like to look exactly like I do, however, the clothing that I'm wearing is a shade of blue that is similar, but not identical, to the robes that I have seen people from the library of the Cobalt Soul. A similar blue and very large coke bottle glasses. My eyes go all fish-eyed. Everything else is the same. Okay. Easy enough to do. I would like to find one of those people who was dressed like they came from that library that I saw that day with Beauregard.",Investigation
Deception,"Oh, yeah. Again, I am very sorry. I am a traveling writer. I am writing a history of the great cities of the Empire and I have heard wonderful things about the library that is under your stead and I don't know-- I have viewed it from the outside, it is a beautiful structure, but I don't know what it entails to visit it. I was wondering, do you allow outsiders? I don't know if it costs a fee or if you need some sort of letter of recommendation, but I am very eager to learn about the library itself and the city and everything that I can learn about it so I can write more extensive-- it would just mean so much to me.",Deception
Stealth,"Yadaka goes, ""I'm terribly sorry. Page!"" The page looks up. ""What business have you from the Crown?"" Looking over his attire, the page goes, (breathing heavily) ""I must speak with the ""Starosta immediately under order from King Bertrand Dwendal himself."" Yadaka goes, ""Right. ""Come with me. I apologize. You'll have to give us just a moment."" He turns around. ""Urgent matters. ""Enjoy some feasting while you're here."" Him and the page walk maybe 20 feet from you to a corner where you can see there is a central couch there where a few figures are sitting, and they rush up. Kitty. Mm-hmm.",Persuasion
Stealth,"Should we go find out what's going on over there? I don't think we can. I could sneaky-sneak over there and listen. Yeah, go for it. Can you give her some blessing-type of situation? Oh yes (jibberish). I will cast Silent Image and I'm going to go up to the corner, make the image of a three-foot by three-foot box around me. You're going full Solid Snake here? I'm going to just (quick footsteps). That's not noticeable at all.",Investigation
Perception,"Oh yes (jibberish). I will cast Silent Image and I'm going to go up to the corner, make the image of a three-foot by three-foot box around me. You're going full Solid Snake here? I'm going to just (quick footsteps). That's not noticeable at all. Okay, make your stealth check with advantage. Amazing. Stealth? You get advantage because of her blessing. Oh, wow. 19. Okay. You saunter up at a relatively close",Stealth
Perception,"""others. It is my pleasure to bring you this year's great tournament."" The crowd swells again. Some of the groups behind start mounting up behind you and everyone's crowding around the windows. ""We ""welcome our guests of high esteem on this day. Give your applause to our keeper of freedom and ""order, Lawmaster Orentha Stonegrasp."" He points across the way up in the stands. The cheers go bright and you see a figure stand up, and you can see the gray haired dwarf who you had met in the King's Hall earlier. She's the Lawmaster of Zadash who had come out to thank you for the job you had done in slaying the phase spider in the sewers. She raises a hand and then sits down. Make a",Perception
Perception,"her is a familiar face. Pretty sure that's Dolan. Our Dolan. Oh. He was supposed to go. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Caleb is popping his hood up over his head and face. ""We also bring to this tournament the Headmaster of the Zauber Spire, who repelled the ""Crick assault on our great place of arcane learning. Shaping the minds of our future mages, ""Oremid Hass!"" As the crowd cheers again, you see, back a row and to the left, a figure stand and raise a hand. Once again, everybody roll a",Perception
Arcana,"forward towards them. They all immediately assault this entity, jumping in the air, vaulting off sides of the walls, assaulting it. One gets smacked in the face, it grabs another and throws it onto the ground. Another one rushes up as it grabs and slams it onto the floor and puts its weight on top of it, one foot pushing it down. Gunther rushes up with a blade and carves into a large section of its face. The crowd goes crazy as it pulls back and shoves Gunther off with a back fist. The elven leader rushes forward and does a few quick swipes with his blade. The large toad creature grabs it and attempts to swallow him, and manages to do so, completely ingests the leader.",Arcana
Medicine,"poisoning is Lesser Restoration, which I can cast on Yasha right now. I can get rid of the poison on you. Wait, but the poison will go away eventually, right? Won't it? Not before the next fight, I don't think. You don't know. It's probably-- In your herbalism kit, you can make antitoxin if you're in a space-- No, it's not an herbalism kit, it's medicinal herbs, which you specifically told me it removes poison on action.",Medicine
Medicine,"Not before the next fight, I don't think. You don't know. It's probably-- In your herbalism kit, you can make antitoxin if you're in a space-- No, it's not an herbalism kit, it's medicinal herbs, which you specifically told me it removes poison on action. Yes. It's a medicine check to apply it properly, but you can do that. Oh, okay. Make that check! Oh no.",Medicine
Athletics,"I don't know. No! Of course not! ""The first fallen in the tournament!"" Focus on one target at a time. ""Let us greet back to the field, The Mighty Nein!"" The doors open once more. She's Cure Woundsing me! All righty. Where do you guys wish to be placed? Is it possible to climb up on one of the walls? If you'd like to try. I'm going to try and climb up on top of the wall.",Athletics
Animal Handling,"I rolled a natural one, so--. Top of the round, as the wolves begin to emerge, Beau, you're up first. Okay. I'm going to run (counting) 40, I guess? All righty. Look at the blood on there already. I'm-- Yeah, that's cool-- I'm going to look at this one and I'm going to go, hey (whistles), go fetch! I'm going to throw my other wooden sword at that one, and then I'm going to do Patient Defense. Okay. Right in the middle of them.",Animal Handling
Intimidation,"I have to be on the opposite side. Yeah, you'll get advantage. No, I want to go in front of him, where I can get his attention. The northwest side. Right here? Yeah. I'm going to point at his dick, and Tiny thing! Then for my action, I'm going to take the dodge action. Okay, so your bonus action is to say ""Tiny thing."" Huh? Your bonus action is to say ""Tiny thing"" towards his dick. Yeah. I say: Tiny thing! You tiny thing!",Intimidation
Sleight of Hand,"slits. (hoarse greeting) Fucking old. I have no other way to describe him. Old as balls. Is his hair long or short? His hair's long past his shoulders, but it's super bald skullet on top. You see there's a tattooed halfling, who's got his chin in the air, grin and give you a show, and there's the human archer that has a longbow that's at the ready. All of them walk by, all six of them, into the center of the arena. As we walk by, can I try to untie the old guy's shoelaces?",Sleight of Hand
History,"around in town where you grew up so you gather these people are from Menagerie Coast folk. The one who looks very exotic has very light linen outfit that is a dull eggshell white, but then has trim that is gold and purple. The pants are a deep blue. Short black hair, dark skin, bright smile, but you don't notice any other cultural touchstones that you have any previous experience with. Have I ever seen an outfit like that before? You may have seen things similar to it passing through your town from a distance or from your mom's place of business, but nothing that you",History
Perception,"Xhorhasian assassin, and I am not. What the fuck is the Kryn though? The Kryn is the kingdom over there. Kryn. It's the Kryn dynasty. Oh, the Kryn. Kryn is the empress of the drow, you guys. The green is something else. I'm not here. I'm next to Starosta. It didn't devolve into a punching fest. That's pretty good. Is the Starosta still here? The Starosta is still here, yes. Okay, I'm still there.",Perception
Perception,"provided."" How much is that? ""For your troupe, that would be four gold for a third."" Excellent. Ja. Here you go. ""All right, here's your key. It's two doors down from the one on the left that you originally ""purchased with your friends."" Is it the four ladies in a room? I'm doing the old college hallway sit. Just outside the door like-- That's my room. Occupied. Can we hear? Are we next door to this room? Can we hear what's happening?",Perception
Insight,"sacrifice a lot to try and impress those people. I'm not sure what it was for. Seems like a lot. Are you comfortable with business as usual? What? How do you mean? Do you approve of how the Empire is going? I'm not super invested in the political spectrum, I just don't want any part of it. So no? I think it could be better. No. Is she lying to me about being not invested? I mean, that's up to you if you want to-- No. As far as I know, yeah, she's being pretty forthright.",Persuasion
Insight,"Yeah, you guys have all woken up and gotten together again. We'll say for purposes of this that breakfast has been provided, like brought to your room as part of the staying over, but you finish your morning. Like, continental, or like French toast? Upper-end continental. You guys totally missed it. We had the best time in the room while you guys were gone for a very long time. There you go! Fjord and Jester made out. We had a crazy orgy in our room and you guys didn't even want to be part of it.",Insight
Insight,"I think we should be careful, because the longer we're in town, the more people we talk to, the more people might decide that they're invested in us staying. Fair enough. We'll keep our eyes open. To Dolan's then. To Dolan's first? Yeah. You guys go to Dolan's. You want to take a field trip? Yeah. Where are y'all going? We have to take a trip to Pumat's for supplies and then--",Insight
Insight,"don't take lightly the ask that we're giving here--"" We understand your position, unfortunately you find us in a precarious time. As you can see, we don't have all of our fellows here with us and this morning's news caught us unawares. We'd need a fair bit of time to consider your offer, I'm afraid. We can't give you a yes or no right now. ""I understand, that's fine."" She smiles lightly, the crow's nests in her eyes folding in a bit. ""I hold no grudge against you should you decline. That's all."" We do appreciate the offer and we can't wait to talk to our friends about it, though. ""Okay.""",Insight
Investigation,"with it in combat. It's called the Healer feat. Which is actually pretty cool. Oh, okay. I'll look at that. It turns anybody into a combat healer. Okay. Should we go say goodbye to somebody and leave? Are we checking the merchants' to see if there's any armed escort requests out of the merchants' guild? Who's helming that? Fjord! Not me. I'll do it.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Well, perhaps we'll partake of some beverages and discuss. ""Of course."" One more thing though, our other offer was for 10,000 gold. Seems like maybe you could match that just to make it a little bit more equal? ""You mistake this business as some sort of a push for an inherently equal pay, my friend. I ""don't know what business the Crown wishes to offer you, but I can guarantee you it has a ceiling."" Okay, well the other side of that was that we would get access to some potions and supplies and stuff. Is this something you can provide to us when we go on missions for you?",Persuasion
Perception,"little bit-- yeah, you know, flippity-flee? Turned on? Yeah, that's it. Like into it. Are you crushing on him? No, the sweat thing bothers me. It's not sweat. I think it's-- I think it's sweat. I'm going to peek around and look at the Gentleman. Okay. He's back at the far table. He's currently drinking and it looks like he has a small book of some kind that he's thumbing through. Is he moist?",Investigation
Survival,"We're going north. We're the worst. It'll only get colder the further north you go. Even at night here-- most mornings in Wildemount, at least this area of Wildemount, all the grass is frosted, the windows are frosted. Few moisture survives the evening without some sort of frozen state. As the temperature begins to plummet continuously after sunset, you begin to find a place to set up camp for the evening. Beau takes the torch, ignites it, and sets a small fire. You begin to set up a small circle and maintain warmth by taking what bits of-- and it's very sparse vegetation. If you want to check for anything to",Perception
Perception,"I'll aid you, how about that? I'm helm. Advantage. Oh, goddamn it. 13. Keeping an eye out there, other than a couple bits of whistling wind that blow through in segments, you don't pick up anything shifty, and your watch comes to a close without issue. That was an easy watch, then! Yep. Next watch? I'll take second watch. I'll take second watch as well. (laughter)",Perception
Perception,"I'm helm. Advantage. Oh, goddamn it. 13. Keeping an eye out there, other than a couple bits of whistling wind that blow through in segments, you don't pick up anything shifty, and your watch comes to a close without issue. That was an easy watch, then! Yep. Next watch? I'll take second watch. I'll take second watch as well. (laughter) Perception check at disadvantage.",Perception
Insight,"and steal you if you are a child, anyway. And would you eat? Because my mom said you would eat them! Take it easy. We would share with the rest of the clan. But of course we would eat children. Is she telling the truth? Do I feel like she's telling the truth? Excuse me, Nott, are you taking the piss right now? I'm really not. Goblins are terrible, terrible creatures. Did you ever eat a little child, Nott? With great honesty I can tell you that I've never eaten a child.",Insight
Insight,"would eat them! Take it easy. We would share with the rest of the clan. But of course we would eat children. Is she telling the truth? Do I feel like she's telling the truth? Excuse me, Nott, are you taking the piss right now? I'm really not. Goblins are terrible, terrible creatures. Did you ever eat a little child, Nott? With great honesty I can tell you that I've never eaten a child. Insight check. I've been holding out. If you wish to see if she's telling the",Insight
Perception,"I think I still have some pocket bacon. You want some? I would love some. Yeah, here you go. Yeah. (eating noises) No. I like children a great deal. In your belly? No! Not in my belly! You're borderline offensive! All Fjord sees is a little kid's hand, like chewing on a little kid's hand Who's helming watch as you guys are traveling? I mean, I'm on one of the horses. Yeah.",Perception
Perception,"together to create the outer walls of it. It can't be more than 20 feet by 20 feet in size. It's not a large abode. There is one brick chimney where that single curl of smoke that was visible off your end was there, there's a wood chopping block on the outside with an axe embedded and left in it with couple of pieces of firewood off to the side. There's a tanning easel set there for whoever has been utilizing it. There is a front door. You see a window that has no glass in it. It's maybe that big or so, it's more for keeping an eye out, or looking through it. Scanning the land and the trees around, doing a quick once-over of the close area.",Perception
Perception,"in a little bit of meat? ""I give you two pounds of meat."" Perfect. He coughs a bit, goes over, and starts grabbing the armor and pulling it off of the knob and setting it down, grabbing some meat. He opens the back door and steps out and starts pulling it off of some of the racks of nails on there. I can hear it, but I can't see it. Yeah. You're staying where you are? I'll start making my way over to their horses, having heard them go inside. I think. I would say Caleb has been narrating this to everybody back.",Stealth
Perception,"This is our keep. What do we name it? Small Shit Keep. Shall we? Let's keep going. You guys continue onward for the rest of the day until, eventually, the sun sets and you find yourselves with evening quickly taking the sky. Let's make camp before we completely lose light this time. Good call. Who's helming the search for a good place to camp? I'll look this time. I'll help.",Investigation
Nature,"So he got advantage. Plus? But you said advantage? Oh, right. Ten. You glance off, and maybe about 30 minutes up the road you can see a small forest, maybe two or three miles in diameter. It's a cluster of trees and would probably be a way to camp off of the road. There's a cluster of trees up ahead. We could aim for that. That'll do. Let's do it. What kind of meat is this, out of curiosity?",Perception
Nature,"That'll do. Let's do it. What kind of meat is this, out of curiosity? Make a nature check. Nope. It's just going today. It is meat. As far as I know, it could be veggie. I'm going to take a little niblet of it. It's good. It's a little dry, but it's salted. It's cured. It'll keep for a while. A little chewy. It's very good. From tasting it, do I know what it is?",Nature
Investigation,"I'm so glad to be out of that bloody city. Yeah, me too, I guess. I just am excited to see more, you know. It's nice to be on the road again. Yeah, it's nice to be on the road. I've never been up this way before. You haven't? Not that I can remember. Not that I know. That's true. (laughter) If I look around, are there flowers anywhere?",Insight
Deception,"the impact-- nope! Oh, Gottsverdammt! He's going to play dead. You fall prone on the ground. I will ask you to make another concentration check because you are averting your gaze and attention from the creature you are focusing on. Ten. Ten? You're fine. Ten is the DC you had to hit. Oh, fuck. He's like this. Yeah, just out of the corner of his eye. Mom coming into the room. I'm looking through my eyelashes.",Deception
Deception,"formations! We need code words! That was my bonus action. For my action, I will tell the two goblins-- Well, in order to do the bonus action strike, you have to have attacked with your action. It's either two attacks or something else. Now I have a bonus action? You have a bonus action, yes. Can I use it to talk? I'll say sure. Okay, so in Goblin, I'm going to say to them: I'll hold them off! You get the loot with the horses!",Stealth
Perception,"to dash closer to the body to see if I can recognize this goblin. Okay. You move up to it. We'll get to that next round. For the narrative purposes of this, nothing is currently engaging you in combat. The wolf that is on death's door is currently unconscious and bleeding out from the spell that you gave it. I would have said if we'd gotten around to it that if I could go another 30 feet in this direction, if I could still see the last goblin that went this way, I would fire off more magic missiles to finish it. But that's only if I can see it.",Perception
Investigation,"I don't-- Xhorhasian, I think? It's less a Xhorhasian language, and more one that you're not quite certain why you understand it. Yeah, it's Xhorhasian, so it's amazing that you know. Caleb, you're very-- Well-read. He's a spy. At this point, am I back with all of the gold and all of the sacks? Oh, from-- Did I look at the goblins?",Investigation
Investigation,coated with excrement and other things to make them nasty when they carve through and infect wounds. What about the big old weapons that the two bruisers were-- are they massive? Large greatclubs that are carved. Did he say excrement? On some of the scimitars. They look nasty. Are they wearing underwear? No. (horrified yelling) But there are a few pouches that haven't been spilled or utilized entirely of toxin. Of toxin? Can I grab those?,Investigation
Stealth,"have an Amazon Prime Account you can combine it to your Twitch account and have Twitch Prime which allows you to subscribe for free to one Twitch account per month. If you haven't reupped, you should do so. Talks Machina is every Tuesday night at 7:00PM Pacific, where our fantastic Brian W. Foster hosts a little chat about whatever happens about tonight's episode, for next week. That was the saddest woo-hoo. That was-- yeah. Did you just steal the comic book? Huh? Where did it go? Oh, what? What?",Persuasion
Animal Handling,"pick up pace. You all grab the sides of the cart as it begins to whir and kick its way across the street. The horses galloping, framing the two different sides of the cart as you pick up speed. You come up over one of the hills and then down another embankment. As you curve around the side, there's a part where the grass has overgrown a large majority of the road here, but you coast through the center. We should stand up and ride it like a surfboard! Let's not do that. Like Teen Wolf? Yeah!",Animal Handling
Investigation,"cart and try to balance it so the wheel comes up. I'm going to pull hard on the reins, see if I can get it out of the-- And continue, or stop? Oh, are we ""stop"" stopped? It's grinding to a halt. Okay, I'm stopping the whole thing really quickly. I'm going to hop off the horse and go look. Can I go ahead a little bit and see if I find any hidden paths that might cut through this field, off the main road? Scout ahead a little bit.",Investigation
Stealth,"was her name? We're just traveling hired hands. We are going to go to the swamp and look for yard work. You should move the safe. In the swamp? I push the safe off the cart. Yeah, Yasha and Jester should take the safe. (horse galloping) Are there any woods or anywhere to hide? It's high grass. The grass off the road where you guys are standing right now is, for you, almost shoulder-high. I'm going to go in the grass.",Stealth
Perception,"cold and the night air. The ground has dampened, even beneath the cart. You were sleeping beneath the cart, right? Near it. Did she go back to New York?! I'm here! Okay, good. That would be fucked up, if you used that as your exit. Wait, where-- what do you mean Ashley left? You forgot to say goodbye. She's just gone. (singing) Never say goodbye! So was she a Xhorhasian spy and are we all dead in our sleep?",Investigation
Investigation,"You have faith, so you should have faith. I have lots of faith. If you can, Caleb, that would be quite remarkable. Is it considered faith if you just really like somebody? No. Oh. Well listen, nothing gets the blood warmed like movement, so perhaps we should pick up and get going. I'm going to, before we take off, take a look at that tree that got hit. I want to examine how it was struck by lightning.",Investigation
Perception,"the path that you're heading. You begin to see the swamp grasses take over from the hillside. You begin to see the heavy puddles of swamp bog water beginning to appear to the right and left. The trees you're used to seeing here in the middle of the field are giving way to banyan trees and other thicker-trunked, gnarled bases, heavy, thick vine-covered canopies. The insects begin to fill the air with a weird buzzing. Oh, I thought there wouldn't be insects because it's cold! In addition to the insects, do we start to become aware of wildlife around? Birds and beasts?",Perception
Perception,"You hear it again, only this time it sounds intense, or frantic. The strange (bird croaking). Does it sound like multiple, or from the same source? It sounds singular, so far. Where's it coming from? What area? It's coming to the right, off the road, like deep into the swamp. It's over there. Are we going to stop? We're moving? You guys are still moving forward on the path. Can we look, can we see? Can we see into the swamp?",Perception
Nature,"out on this main path on the byway. As long as you're on the path, for the most part, you should be fine. Is this considered the Berleben path? This is the path to Berleben. The Bromkiln Byway is the road you're taking. The Bromkiln. So this is not-- You're in the swamp. The road goes through the swamp. Yes, and Berleben is further in the swamp. I would say that Caleb has spent a lot of time over the last several years in woods. Can I check to see if I have ever heard that cry before?",Nature
Perception,"manages to pluck the piece of vegetation from your eye. Wow! My hero. I got it, Jester. Thank you Oskar-- I mean Fjord! It gently hits the side of Molly's cheek. Fjord regurgitates saline solution. I got it, (vomiting). Yasha starts throwing up. Uh-oh, it's happening again. Does there appear to be any sign of wreckage, or anything else that looks like it might not have made its way through this path because of other dangers? You, who have been keeping a discerning eye,",Perception
Athletics,"don't know where the safe house is, or what location it is at. But the safe house is in the swamp, it's not in Berleben, right? As far as you know, yes. We press on. Maybe not calling out. Maybe we can climb a tree! Are there any tall trees? There are a number of tall trees. Can I start climbing a tree? Sure, you want to get a little closer and climb a tree? Sure.",Athletics
Perception,"There are a number of tall trees. Can I start climbing a tree? Sure, you want to get a little closer and climb a tree? Sure. Make a general athletics check as you jump off the side, your legs (slurping) into the swamp, as they sink about a foot with each step, leaving these heavy footprints behind that fill with water. 21. You make your way through the swamp, the suction doesn't stop you one bit. You grab the nearby tree and climb to the top and get off to a branch and look in the direction. Make a",Athletics
Athletics,"Oh, I called him Percy! I think that's the first time I've done that! I think that's the first time any of us have ever done that. I point at Molly. He did it. (as Grog) He did it! Aw! I miss Percy. (sings) Light the corner of my mind. That end your guys' turns. Jester, you're up. Okay. Oh, god! Can I climb up on this tree right in front of me? Right here? For my move, yeah.",Athletics
Perception,"(chirping) Where is your family now? (sad chirping) Oh no, no, no! Are your Momma & Dad okay? No? (chirping) You don't know where they went? How did you get separated? Begins writing another small essay, in the book. We should keep an eye out. To make sure no more of those things come out. I'll keep an eye out. Same.",Perception
Investigation,"Make a perception check. One of you. Take it with advantage. Matt seems adamant. That can't be good. We both roll, but--? One of you is aiding the other. Unless you want to make two separate rolls. It's up to you. Let's do two separate rolls. All right. Go for it. 14. 16. Okay. You guys are keeping an eye out in the space around you. I'm going to peruse these ruins a little bit, see what they are and what they look like.",Investigation
Nature,"""Girl."" Girl bird! Kiri! Oh no. How many sisters do you have? Puts up four fingers with long, exaggerated feathered fingertips. Would I recognize what species or race of people? You haven't encountered these people before. Empire kids wouldn't know? Empire kids wouldn't know? The whole studied thing? You've heard of various different strange races out there. Bird people may have crossed in a story before but-- You've done a little bit of",Nature
Investigation,"Many seconds. What do you need? Take a look at this. Do these mean anything to you? Just looking at the stone structures that are here. You rolled investigation? I rolled an eight. They are stone. It looks like it's very old and has long fallen over and has been absorbed mostly by the swamp. It doesn't look like it was a large structure. Like it might have been a small, brief gatehouse off the path. Some sort of a watch post that had-- Since he brought me over, what do I make of the same?",Investigation
Insight,"Oh, Beau, come on-- Probably the rest of the family, too. The cousins. Might be the only one, she-- I'm going to walk Kiri away from this for the moment and say, after an hour has passed of me For the moment, I can understand you as clearly as you can understand me. Do you want to tell me anything about your time in this swamp or what you want to do with yourself, now that you are alone or how we can best help you? Or anything you want to tell me. ""I don't know, I just want to get back to my family.""",Persuasion
Medicine,"some form of language, aren't they? Well, he said that they were cursed, they lost their ability. No, that's interesting. Interesting point. After casting the spell, there is no language to understand, it's only through mimicry. You managed to get the jist of that initial statement, through talking with it for a while, but the spell has no effect. Whoa. There is no spoken language. Should we tell her? We don't know that this feathers are her parents.",Medicine
Insight,"by the moment, doesn't quite know how to react. Frumpkin starts chittering. He's friendly. That is my cat. If you want to spend some time with him, you can. He is very soothing for me, anyway. Give it a shot. Picks up Frumpkin, and runs towards the cart as you guys get there and load it up. Kiri jumps up into the cart and turns around to the rest of you and goes, (like Nott) ""Welcome to The Mighty Nein!"" And starts petting Frumpkin. I love her so much! She's the best of us. Well, this is never going to get irritating. Let's get on our way.",Insight
Insight,"Frumpkin starts chittering. He's friendly. That is my cat. If you want to spend some time with him, you can. He is very soothing for me, anyway. Give it a shot. Picks up Frumpkin, and runs towards the cart as you guys get there and load it up. Kiri jumps up into the cart and turns around to the rest of you and goes, (like Nott) ""Welcome to The Mighty Nein!"" And starts petting Frumpkin. I love her so much! She's the best of us. Well, this is never going to get irritating. Let's get on our way. Can I insight check her?",Insight
Perception,"the newcomers that walk in. You do notice, as you head down to the Puddles, that one of the guards that watched you enter trails back about 30 or so feet, slowly walking and keeping an eye. I pace behind the group and start catching up to him. Is the wagon doing okay in the-- Yeah, it's doing all right. It's only about three inches of water averaged, so it's not a major hindrance. You're also going at a relatively comfortable pace now that you're in the city. Keep pushing in, looking for any signage of the Keystone Pub. Yeah, looking for the big tower thing.",Perception
Perception,"it. Where are you all from?"" All over the place, really. Alfield. ""Alfield, that's a bit of a journey, isn't it? Well, glad you could make it. Not many folks ""come that far over here to visit the swamp."" What's your name, good sir? ""I am Dent Bonswallow."" He's a little bit high right now. Bon or Barn, or--? ""Dent Bonswallow."" Can I look around at the few patrons that are in here and see if any of them fit the description of Febron Keyes?",Perception
Intimidation,"with it. You can do it without adding corpses by ""my tangle."" Well, if you want another drink, then, you're going to show us how to get there and how to deal with it and what you know. ""How is that? It's a drink for it? Eh, fuck you!"" (laughs) I take my drink back. We could also drag you back to The Gentleman if you'd prefer that, instead. Or you could point us in the right direction and let us take care of it. True. He did not have the kindest things to say about you.",Intimidation
Persuasion,"silver. Silver and gold. Which make--? Make it a hundred gold pieces and buy me a drink. Yeah, I'll pour you a drink. I'll refill his cup. Does he have a cup? He does. He had to pull it off the ground. It's knocked over and spilled. With my flask, I'll fill it up. That's one part of it taken care of! ""And the other?"" All right. Half now, half upon-- Upon delivery to the place.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Yeah, what she said. (as Febron) ""Look. I'm going to be risking my life, I'm going to do it for the right amount ""of coin, okay? It's a service I'm providing. You can drag me back if you like. It's a pain in the ass!"" Look, you got to risk your life for the coin, or we can drag you back, as you said, without any coin. ""Then drag me back! Take me back to him! Empty-handed in the deal you're looking for!"" 100 gold. And you sing us a song. On the stage. ""100 gold."" And?",Persuasion
Insight,"that's a bad idea. That's a terrible idea. Have him take care of it. Well, we know what's in it. There's inventory, so if anything's missing, it's on him. It's on Dent. Okay, yes, we'll have Dent take it to the stables. Do you think he has insurance to cover lost goods? Because I don't think he does. Insurance? No, we are in a podunk town, there is no insurance here. Taking all the horses and the cart to the stables, Dent, looking it all over, charges you two silver for the service.",Insight
Perception,"It's really nice to see, to be honest. Very open, yeah. We're like best friends. I tell him everything. That's good. You need to have that trust between family. You want to have a big bowl. So you're searching for a bowl. Yeah. That's right. And used in rituals? I think so, yes. I need to make sure it doesn't fall into the wrong hands, that's all. Our business might be headed out that way a little later today. Does she have any weapons on her that are visible?",Persuasion
Insight,"Make a perception check. Not me! You're not Grog anymore, it's okay. Yes. That's okay. 17. All right. Glancing about-- There's no obvious weapons that you can see on her, but she has this long green cloak that's really covering her left side and you would probably see that there's black scales all over her left side and she's deliberately holding her arm completely hidden. Her arm's invisible underneath the cloak. Also, I'm wondering if she seems straightforward. Is the nervousness an act?",Insight
Insight,"Yes. That's okay. 17. All right. Glancing about-- There's no obvious weapons that you can see on her, but she has this long green cloak that's really covering her left side and you would probably see that there's black scales all over her left side and she's deliberately holding her arm completely hidden. Her arm's invisible underneath the cloak. Also, I'm wondering if she seems straightforward. Is the nervousness an act? Make an insight check. Yeah, okay. Welcome to playing with Caleb.",Insight
Insight,"Yes. That's okay. 17. All right. Glancing about-- There's no obvious weapons that you can see on her, but she has this long green cloak that's really covering her left side and you would probably see that there's black scales all over her left side and she's deliberately holding her arm completely hidden. Her arm's invisible underneath the cloak. Also, I'm wondering if she seems straightforward. Is the nervousness an act? Make an insight check. Yeah, okay. Welcome to playing with Caleb.",Insight
Perception,"creatures around that could hurt you, you know. ""There's lots of creatures around that could hurt you."" You always want to stick together. You never want to split the party. Yeah, stay close. Stay close to us. She gets right behind Yasha and sticks right to her back with the dagger out on the opposite side going-- We should really give her like a sheath or something to put that knife away, Fjord. I think you tell kids to run with scissors, she'll be fine. Can we check to make sure nobody's following us as we're heading out?",Stealth
Survival,"view and you begin to see these twisted, gnarled trees covered in vines that dangle down from these high boughs that barely cluster out sections of sunlight, and you pass out underneath those areas where bits of cloud begin to break through. It was a joke. Ah, gotcha I said, ""Hi, Beaus."" Ah, boughs. I know. But I said ""Hi, Beaus."" Three out of five. Yeah, it's fine. In pushing this forward and guiding the path, I'm going to have Febron and whoever is keeping watch on the exterior to both",Survival
Perception,"Ah, gotcha I said, ""Hi, Beaus."" Ah, boughs. I know. But I said ""Hi, Beaus."" Three out of five. Yeah, it's fine. In pushing this forward and guiding the path, I'm going to have Febron and whoever is keeping watch on the exterior to both make survival checks. What do you mean on the exterior? I'm keeping watch on the right. I'm keeping watch up front. I'm looking on the back. The gators come from the left.",Survival
Survival,"whoever is keeping watch on the exterior to both make survival checks. What do you mean on the exterior? I'm keeping watch on the right. I'm keeping watch up front. I'm looking on the back. The gators come from the left. Right. Well this isn't a perception check, this is to make their way through the swamp to keep track of what's ahead, so I'm having Febron and one of you take point on that. Beau. What kind of a check is this? Survival.",Survival
Perception,"for the most part above any of the deeper recesses of marsh water. Leaping from cluster of tree base and sections of ground that are mostly above the water line, it manages to go through without much of an issue. The fog does slowly begin to burn off as the hours progress, but it's still present. You gather probably about the time you arrived at the end of day yesterday to the exterior of the Labenda Swamp, there was just a faint bit of fog at the ground. It will be a number of hours before you even reach that point, but it is progressing towards a more visible space. These two hours you guys continue forward, being mindful and watching around. Those who are keeping watch, I need both",Perception
Perception,"plant. We should really avoid those in the future, huh? Well that's one in an entire swamp of vegetation. So we should be good now. How's it going over there, guys? No, there's going to be loads of plants, Mr. Caleb. Anything on the right? That is correct. Nope, all clear! Anything on the left? Right. No, I'm asking for anything on the left.",Perception
Perception,"How's it going over there, guys? No, there's going to be loads of plants, Mr. Caleb. Anything on the right? That is correct. Nope, all clear! Anything on the left? Right. No, I'm asking for anything on the left. Make a perception check. Thank you. Is there somebody on the left? Not anymore with these rolls. Nine.",Insight
Perception,"terrain is not very conducive to prowling cats of Frumpkin's size. But Frumpkin heads on for a bit, coming across the source of this sound. You see about 100 or so feet ahead in the direction where you heard the sound, hanging from one of the branches, there is indeed a cluster of carved chimes that are dangling from a piece of twine there. They're banging into each other every now and then when the breeze slowly comes through. Just in a tree. On a branch, yeah. Oh, that's creepy. I will give the group a basic narration as I see these things.",Perception
Perception,"coming across the source of this sound. You see about 100 or so feet ahead in the direction where you heard the sound, hanging from one of the branches, there is indeed a cluster of carved chimes that are dangling from a piece of twine there. They're banging into each other every now and then when the breeze slowly comes through. Just in a tree. On a branch, yeah. Oh, that's creepy. I will give the group a basic narration as I see these things. You can give a perception check for Frumpkin.",Perception
Stealth,"ten feet from the base of the swamp floor. It appears like there is a hollow carved into it, circular, and a curtain that is currently pressed, bolted, or nailed into it that is partially blocking an opening into the tree. Like sealed or nailed in so it's hanging down? It's hanging down and every now and then a faint breeze comes through and you see it shift ever so slightly. But it's a heavy material. Okay, what I would like to attempt to do is send Frumpkin up to and stick his head inside, and as soon as I get a little peeky-poo, snap my fingers and bamf him out into the Fey.",Perception
Survival,"Okay, medium pace it is. Wait, hold on, let me look at what I have. I could cast Pass Without a Trace on anyone within 30 feet of me. You could. You have to move at a slow pace to move stealthily, though. I think our speed is halved in the conditions, right? For the most of it, yeah. Oh, so it would be super slow. Doing the slo-mo game. Well, maybe not then. Maybe when we go back to the creepy tree, we can do that. As you continue on, Febron and-- Beau, are",Survival
Athletics,"fucking swamp and getting next to the Ounterloch ""that'll lead us there. No issue, no more of this."" Right as he's saying that, you watch him about to step into another one of those open plants that begins to quake, and you watch as it's about to release this burst of pollen, Beau. I go: Oh, you're about to-- watch it! You don't stop him, you just point it out. It goes (puffing). Nice, he's dead. He goes, ""What? (coughing)"" and starts walking straight towards it. Oh, I grab him. Can I reach out and grab him? Trying to cover my mouth.",Athletics
Insight,"him and and went, ""Sure."" Yeah. I love it, it's great. Watch your step, man! Ah. Yeah. All righty. Febron. You've been through this swamp once or many times? ""I've been through it a few times, but usually it's with a group of other smugglers, and ""they take care of me and protect me, like you are. Thank you."" It's a bit late in the game, but are you being completely forthright with us? Is he? You're welcome.",Insight
Perception,"recommend not getting too close, just in case. We ""usually stay right on the coastal side of it, you know?"" Okay. ""Perfect."" (splashing) ""No, what're you doing?! No, shit!"" Then I go back out. I just wanted to see. The whole time you're doing that, Kiri's like (chirping). Who's keeping watch on this? Keeping watch? Yes. What do you mean? I need you and probably Beau, since you were",Perception
Stealth,"was to a tree further back and then ducks behind another tree. It's not very stealthy, though it thinks it might be. Is it moving fast-- easily in this terrain? It seems to be moving fairly easily in the terrain. What is it? (as Gollum) What is it? (as Gollum) What did you say? All right, I'm going to stealthily do some monk (footsteps) up to it a bit. Maybe it's something nice! See if I can get a better look.",Stealth
Sleight of Hand,"direction of where you were, breathing heavy. Does he see The Mighty Nein? It seems to be looking in the direction where you were. But he doesn't see me. He doesn't see you at the moment, no. (whispering) Do not see me! How far away am I from him? You're about 35 feet from it. Could I theoretically throw something behind him? You could certainly try. Yeah, sure. I'm going to take out a handful of ball bearings and try and toss them.",Sleight of Hand
Stealth,"Yeah, sure. I'm going to take out a handful of ball bearings and try and toss them. Make a sleight of hand check to do so without making a very visible toss. Yeah, right? No sound at all. 24-- 22. You take the handful and lob them quietly, as far as you can. You hear very faint impacts of them about 25, 30 feet off. The trollish creature goes (snarling) and pushes off the rock a bit, looking that direction. Looks over the rock, looks back in that direction. It's now looking like he's paranoid and keeping tabs on both sides. I'm going to stealth back.",Stealth
Stealth,"""one of them."" How long have you lived here? ""Through the ages, there have been all sorts of stories. There's uglier trolls here. Swamp ""trolls, mountain trolls, all types, and this one, it wouldn't surprise me. I haven't seen one, but I ""stay perfectly quiet. Quieter than you usually do as a group. I'm just going to stay here,"" and clings behind you, Fjord, like as a shield. Yeah, I don't know if that's going to work for me. All right, let's get moving. Try and ignore this. You guys move on, taking care to be quiet, but not out of sight. If you want to be stealthy",Stealth
Perception,"He had green pus-y ooze pouring out of holes in his face. Just want to throw that out there. You could heal him and curry favor with him. I could if I made myself look like a little teeny troll. And they would want to be friends with me. I got undead vibes from this guy? Also, you are very charming, but every book that I have ever read about trolls-- They do not make friends. They are bitter, nasty things. They eat you if you're little, you know. He definitely had like a collarbone just hanging out. Can I see him from here?",Persuasion
Stealth,"(like Nott) ""It's me, Bren!"" (chirping) Pulls the dagger out. I'll take Kiri, give me Kiri. Come here, little Kiri. My father won't hurt you anymore. I'm going to stand closer to Bren. I'm disappointed in you, Mr. Fjord! That means literally nothing to me. She's so formal in her admonishment. Man, it kind of makes me feel bad. Anyway, let's go. I'll flank to the north. Is the troll just watching all of you go away? If you're doing this stealthily, then I need anyone who's trying to not be seen to make a",Stealth
Perception,"closeness. You guys begin to trudge in, deeper into the swamp. Okay, I'm going to pull the last of my pastries, which I'm sure are really fucking gross by now. Yeah, they're pretty stale. You're fine. As you begin to move into the swamp, you do see the shape and it's about maybe 60 or so feet from where you are. You watch it shift, and then shift to another tree a little further away. He's moving away from us? He's moving away from you. Are we sure it's the same one?",Perception
Deception,"He's moving away from you. Are we sure it's the same one? Make a perception check. 17. You see one shape move, it's similar to the one you saw before. You can ascertain that it probably is the same creature, yeah. Okay, we do not want to follow this bunny rabbit down the hole. I'm going to Invoke Duplicity and I'm going to send my duplicate towards the troll. It's skipping. (singing Peter's Theme from Peter and the Wolf) Yes, perfect.",Deception
Perception,"Invoke Duplicity lasts I think a minute, yeah. You guys cluster together outside of the swamp alongside the curvature of the lake, keeping an eye on the side, you continue to travel forward. The lake slowly begins to, as you guys are heading northward, along its side it begins to curve to a northeastern direction, and Febron's like, ""All right, so this is good. We're getting closer to the northern side of the lake, which ""means we're getting close to where we follow the pearl blades to the safe house. Good, okay."" At this point, you look over to the side. Who's keeping a watch on this? Okay, both of you guys",Perception
Perception,"Can we put some of the little ones-- Nott. Bren, get in the middle. Kiri. Yep, on my way. I'm going to get in the back. You guys continue heading in a northeastern direction until eventually you watch the lake come to a northern peak and begin to curve back into a southern area. It looks like the top of the lake bends to a point northward and then begins to head southward and level out. At this point, Febron goes, ""All right, good. From here, we head northward into the swamp. We're looking for ""daggers with pearl hilts in the trees. Those are the markers  there's six of them that lead us",Perception
Perception,"You guys continue heading in a northeastern direction until eventually you watch the lake come to a northern peak and begin to curve back into a southern area. It looks like the top of the lake bends to a point northward and then begins to head southward and level out. At this point, Febron goes, ""All right, good. From here, we head northward into the swamp. We're looking for ""daggers with pearl hilts in the trees. Those are the markers  there's six of them that lead us ""there."" He's going to make a perception check. He looks a bit lost  someone want to help him out with this? Yeah, I'll look.",Perception
Investigation,"Just one dead person that I cast it on. Which body is fresher, Matthew? From what you're looking at, they're both about as fresh as the other. Which one's got the better mouth? It doesn't have to be fresh, it could be really old. They both have their jaws intact. From what you can tell, the female halfling, you can't make out the features of the face because the hair is in the way and dangling. The other one's is open. Which one looks friendlier? They both look pretty dead! Let me check for traps on the smaller one.",Medicine
Medicine,"It doesn't have to be fresh, it could be really old. They both have their jaws intact. From what you can tell, the female halfling, you can't make out the features of the face because the hair is in the way and dangling. The other one's is open. Which one looks friendlier? They both look pretty dead! Let me check for traps on the smaller one. Make an investigation check. Oh, a lot. 25. No traps, nothing like that. You do notice there are wounds across the body. Beyond the leg missing, there are a number of wounds. You can",Medicine
Intimidation,"Potentially. That's as close as you can get right there. Am I within ten feet of it? You are. Okay. Can I use necrotic shroud, then, if I use that as the action to run? You don't have an action to use it anymore, unfortunately. Okay. Can I just yell at it? Yeah. What do you yell? I give you two bonus actions. Super intimidating. Oh, but then I've got to fucking attack something. All right, I'm going Drop it!",Athletics
Arcana,"Sacred Flame? Yeah, I'll hold Sacred Flame until Beau is dropped and far enough away. You got it. Holding there, Cali, you're up. How close can I get to it with the difficult terrain? Can I get next to Yasha? You can get that close right now with the speed of 30 feet, yeah. No, it's fine. I will get there and she twitches a little bit. Come on! Quickened Levitate on Beau. I'm going to try and lift Beau up. If there's a tree line above, I'm going to try and fling her up to the tree line. Interesting! For the purposes of this, make",Arcana
Investigation,"that's propped up. ""100 feet that way."" Oh shit. We totally could have seen it! I can see it, it's right there! You don't see any safe house. You don't see anything like that. At that point the head (sighs) continues back. Well, at least we know it's 100 feet, so we can search for it. Are there actual knives stuck in-- Looks to be two shortswords have been jammed into it. Shortswords or daggers? Shortswords. Do they have anything in their pockets?",Investigation
Investigation,"Maybe like, two past noon? Maybe. Caleb knows exactly what time it is. Liam likes to burn his friends. Caleb also likes to burn his friends. Aw. (singing) One thing, we've got it coming. You left early enough in the day where you aren't threatened for dusk for another few hours. You guys continue on past the tree? Towards the 100-foot mark that the-- Should we scan for traps? Probably.",Investigation
Religion,"righteous purpose. Who were the bad people? What queen? The Scaled Tyrant. They call her the Queen. She's the Queen of Dragons. Five draconic heads represent her, and that kind of thing. So not a real queen? Maybe she's a real queen, I don't know. I just always heard to her referred to as the Queen. She has five heads? That's what the stories say. One for each color of dragon. Would I know about this?",Religion
Religion,"The Scaled Tyrant. They call her the Queen. She's the Queen of Dragons. Five draconic heads represent her, and that kind of thing. So not a real queen? Maybe she's a real queen, I don't know. I just always heard to her referred to as the Queen. She has five heads? That's what the stories say. One for each color of dragon. Would I know about this? Make a religion check. Oh, I know about re-- No. I don't know anything about religion.",Religion
Perception,"He can't do it, Nott. He's being modest. He could do it. Nott, I have limitations. I can do many things like you-- Bren! Should we try to go towards the tree? Towards all the dead bodies? Is the water around the tree in a circle, like it pans out from around the side? Kind of. There's a big clearing around this tree. It's natural for the most part, but it looks like this area is centered around the tree. Do I see anything like landmarks or anything out of place surrounding the tree?",Investigation
Athletics,"so-- cute. Oh, well Nott, if I'm allowed to call you that-- Sure. I can make the water clear so that you can see if there's anything that could grab you. Oh! What was that thing you said about honesty earlier? I can't remember. You don't know any of the fact that I almost killed you, Marisha Ray. I'm talking about before you almost killed me when you had that great quote about honesty earlier.",Athletics
Investigation,"I'll pull on that branch. Oh jeez. Vigorously pull on it! Maybe there's two branches. The gif machine. Huh? The gif machine, Sam Riegel. (strained yelling) Oh god. The branch itself is pretty sturdy. The portions of the tree here do not bend very much and it doesn't seem to react. The strength of the Mage Hand isn't very strong. Are there any knots on the tree? Like underneath where the ribbon was?",Athletics
Investigation,"12? Yeah. You glance around and as you were placing your hands against part of it some of it shifts, it wobbles. Now getting a glance, there's a piece of weathered driftwood or separate wood that has been pressed up and tucked behind some of the roots to look like it's part of the tree. But it's a little bit of a different texture, a different type of wood and as you press on it, it wiggles. You shift it-- Traps! Check for traps, Nott. All right. Truly blessed with such wisdom. I will check for traps.",Investigation
Investigation,"Okay. You're now stepping into the chamber. The chamber's about 30 feet wide. It's just round. Looking up? You look up. The ceiling's about 12 feet tall and there's some hanging roots that are dangling from the top. It looks like it's been carved away maybe. Does it feel like it's bigger on the inside? No. It matches the size. It's probably about two feet to three feet of thickness of the actual tree trunk and the interior's hollow. Do I notice any furniture, articles, clothing?",Perception
Investigation,"Yeah, do the tracks lead to the hole? There are some spatters of blood and there are some things that give the sign of being pulled on as well as pieces and shards of wood, including bits of porcelain, some object that had shattered and broken. Looks like whatever may have been within this chamber at some point, a lot of it's been brought down there. Nott Bren, you're up. I've got to go down there? Yep. By yourself. That's where the fish people live! Are there fish scales on the ground? Do you need light?",Investigation
Investigation,"accumulation of neck tattoos. You've seen the ones back in Zadash that were almost full bands of designs. These individuals have only sections of it. You start getting the idea that the more they've worked with whatever organization that work this is, the more completion they've had of certain jobs depending on what the job is, a certain type of individual acquires tattoos as a sign of how long they've been there and how successful they've been. That's cool. Okay. So they all seem like smugglers? At one point possibly. Can I do a quick round of their pockets?",Investigation
Athletics,"It doesn't take much to distract Cali. You just point over there and she's like-- I'll take a swig and go down the hole. The hole has chunks of rock and dirt as well as a very interwoven network of roots coming down from the tree, so it's fairly easy to climb down. There is a little bit of that damp water and moisture that seeped into the chamber previously from just being near the swamp. It wasn't a thick layer of water, maybe half an inch or so in the actual portions of the chamber and some of it is now heading down. As you're climbing down carefully through this hole, you can feel it running down your back and it's this cold swamp",Perception
Stealth,"How are you doing down there, what do you see? I will reply to that message. With you and me, it goes back and forth. There's a creature down here. I don't want to make any noise. If you're going to come down to join me, use a rope. All right, we can do that. Just stay put, don't go rushing in without us. Is it one or more than one? I don't know. I'll go rushing in and find out. That's the opposite of what I said! I'm going to gingerly creep around the corner.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"Yeah, we've established that. Stay put, don't move. I'll cast Mage Hand and take a ball bearing across the way, but not dropping it, just holding it in place, just in case. Okay. So who's going down? I drop Frumpkin down the shoot. Oh Jesus, he's going to die! No, he's not. That's not a long fall for a cat. We're going to find out how far. Not within like 50 feet. Yes, they can. Yeah they can, most of them. Make an",Acrobatics
Stealth,"You assume. We're glossing over it, but we've seen you vomit sea water twice. Once. Is this really the moment to talk about this? Jester's really smart! Right now's the moment. Right now? Quick, tell us your backstory! You know how under pressure, you can discover hidden talent? Maybe if you do this, Oh, I never knew this fishman side of me!",Insight
Stealth,"Jester and Cali. Wait, does Kiri get a turn? No, Kiri's staying in the back. All right, that's everybody. Top of the round, as all three of them have spun around, apparently aware that something is lurking in this area of it. It still doesn't see us, right? For six seconds. No, but it's not an ambush round. So. Top of the round is Beau, you're up. Can I hold my turn until Fjord goes? You can't hold your turn. You can hold an action. Do what you're going to do.",Athletics
Sleight of Hand,"investigation. So two vials of a thick purple liquid, roughly about that big. It's a thick, oily substance. I'd like to take these for a moment. Or maybe ten moments. Nott, you see one thing, helping Caleb out, and you pull it out. It looks to be a well-crafted marble bowl of gold inlay of a curious design. The edges of the bowl shift into five multiple dragon heads, equally separated and in each dragon, the eyes are tiny gemstones. One set's rubies, one set's emeralds, one set's sapphires, one set's diamond. I will try to conceal this from Cali.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"liquid, roughly about that big. It's a thick, oily substance. I'd like to take these for a moment. Or maybe ten moments. Nott, you see one thing, helping Caleb out, and you pull it out. It looks to be a well-crafted marble bowl of gold inlay of a curious design. The edges of the bowl shift into five multiple dragon heads, equally separated and in each dragon, the eyes are tiny gemstones. One set's rubies, one set's emeralds, one set's sapphires, one set's diamond. I will try to conceal this from Cali. All righty, make a sleight of hand check.",Sleight of Hand
Investigation,"bad stuff in the world and it's nice to appreciate nice things sometimes. I like having and finding cute stuff. Do you not like that? I just might appreciate some other things. Your outfit's cute though. Man, thank you. That's all right. You're welcome. I was sure it was here. I traced it. I followed them. I knew that it was coming through this-- Maybe I missed it. Maybe I've messed up. How deep is that pool? It gets about five or six feet deep. I'm going to search the bottom of it.",Perception
Perception,"I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on you, if we're not going to take short rest, if we're not going to take a short rest-- No, you don't need to do that. There's no need, Jester. We'll take a short rest afterwards. Just a quick little recon. Here. Tie it around. I drop the rope and jump in. As they're doing this, I'm going to come up to Caleb and tap him on the shoulder and say: Caleb, look what I found! I think this is the bowl that Cali was talking about. I instantly cast Identify-- it takes one minute-- on the two vials and the bowl.",Perception
Perception,"memories of being under the ocean, of the shipwreck, of looking up and not knowing which direction was up. That gives you this brief surge of vertigo. You stop for a second, and a couple bubbles escape. Go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. 21. 21. You push through, continue, swim across, swim. ""Learn."" You come up, and all of a sudden you can see now, it begins to rise up once more, and you begin to swim up, pull across the front, and then suddenly your fingers break water, but you do so carefully. Take a breath slowly as your head emerges from the dark water in what is a",Athletics
Investigation,"Oh my god, I will send all the letters, Cali! Oh, yes, absolutely! That would make me so happy! I'm going to write you letters all the time! I'm going to write you letters back all the time, okay? Hugs. Hugs, hugs, hugs. I do have a question. The jewels in the are they still there? What jewels? In the eyeballs.",Perception
Arcana,"But wait for the morning, unless you want to use it today, and then somebody else will get it in the morning. Because it only lasts for 24 hours. Did you use it? I did not. Oh, I did. We have to save it for tomorrow. I more want to examine it. Oh, yes, here. Do you want to take it out of the bag? No. Can I borrow the bag? Here's the bag. I'm going to spend maybe a half-hour before bed not trying to use it, but just examine it.",Persuasion
Stealth,"We should wake everyone up! Wake up! Ow! Wake up! Fjord! (cawing) What, what? Don't wake up Kiri, though. She deserves a really nice night's sleep. She really does, let her sleep. She's all curled up in the corner, like (trilling) with her feathers all poofed up. I'm going to give her my blanket. I'm going to send Frumpkin to crawl down and get a look.",Stealth
Stealth,"like candlelight, if anything. I'm going to pull out a rag and do my veiled lantern thing with Dancing Lights. You should probably put another one of those things up, Caleb. Put one of what things up? Another alarm! Down there? You want me to go down there? Do you want me to go with you? Yeah, you and Yasha go. Okay, let's go. No! I'm going to send Frumpkin down again. Frumpkin emerges, you send Frumpkin back",Perception
Perception,"Another alarm! Down there? You want me to go down there? Do you want me to go with you? Yeah, you and Yasha go. Okay, let's go. No! I'm going to send Frumpkin down again. Frumpkin emerges, you send Frumpkin back down. Make a stealth check for Frumpkin. Come on, Frumpy. Nine. Nein! The loudest cat you've ever heard. Frumpkin is the neighborhood cat in heat at this point. He makes his way down through the tunnel. Make a",Perception
Stealth,"charge down there. They'll be fine. He can't make it without you. I know. He will not come back alive. I know. I will take care of him as best as I can. Even better than that, I will take care of him. I promise you, he will not die. He will have no chance of survival. Okay. Slowly lowering the rope back down the tunnel, which one of you is taking point on climbing down? I will go first. You make your way down, the rope aiding you in the process. You get to the bottom, you as",Stealth
Perception,"Okay. You finish the spell, you sense the arcane, unseen net of the alarm click in, and it's prepared and set to keep watch. Let's get the shit out of here. (whispering) Run away! Let's go. You guys make your way back, climb back up the rope, and make your way into the interior of the tree, seemingly without incident. Seemingly? I'm going back to sleep, you guys. I need to get my spells back. I'll take the next watch since I'm awake. Yasha takes final watch. Go ahead and roll a",Perception
Perception,"Let's get the shit out of here. (whispering) Run away! Let's go. You guys make your way back, climb back up the rope, and make your way into the interior of the tree, seemingly without incident. Seemingly? I'm going back to sleep, you guys. I need to get my spells back. I'll take the next watch since I'm awake. Yasha takes final watch. Go ahead and roll a perception check for me. I'm freaked out, so I'm going to stay up with Yasha.",Perception
Athletics,"You'll go away-- huh? You may want to go next then if you want that to affect other people. Yeah. Don't worry about me. I'm just swimming over there and coming back. And then we can cast it. Okay. It's a guideline. You, for the moment, wade into it and (burbling). You guys watch as Fjord, once again, disappears beneath the surface of the water. Now with the confidence of knowing that there is a breaking point and air ahead, that fear doesn't creep up into your brain and you rush for it.",Perception
Stealth,"above the water? It's possible if they were looking carefully for you. You don't know how far their darkvision extends. Can I wade forward and look for any stones or pillars that I might be able to throw the rope around and tie a knot on? Looking around you can see there are small mounds of various minerals that have long dripped from the ceiling from condensation and various water flows that have come through this interior cavern and built this hard, rocky platform that's emerging just outside of where the pool ends. So you can bring the rope around and affix it to",Stealth
Stealth,"We'll see what we see. As I go in the water, I'm going to go about halfway and then stop and tread and make sure that everybody gets along the rope fine. Okay, all right. You're casting Pass Without a Trace first? All right. You finish casting the spell. The shadows, already super dark in here with almost no light source beyond what Caleb's providing, they coalesce around you and the rest of the members of the team as you all dive into the pool of water. It's black. Caleb, Blessing of the Trickster on the way through. To Caleb? Okay. Blessing of the Trickster on",Stealth
Stealth,"halfway and then stop and tread and make sure that everybody gets along the rope fine. Okay, all right. You're casting Pass Without a Trace first? All right. You finish casting the spell. The shadows, already super dark in here with almost no light source beyond what Caleb's providing, they coalesce around you and the rest of the members of the team as you all dive into the pool of water. It's black. Caleb, Blessing of the Trickster on the way through. To Caleb? Okay. Blessing of the Trickster on you, that's advantage on your stealth checks. I need everybody, including Fjord, to roll a",Stealth
Acrobatics,"Is there a way I can jump across and try and fight him from over here? Do I have enough? You'll splash in the water. You won't make it all the way to the opposite side, or you may, but he'll get an attack of opportunity on you as you dart out of his melee range. Okay, no. I'm going to try and do some KGB-level shit. I'm going to do a quick kidney punch and try and go for the temple. Krav Maga! And influence the election. Actually, if you wanted to jump across, I will say because he’s surprised, and he isn't aware that you're there quite yet, if you want to",Acrobatics
Athletics,"It's half your movement to get up, so you have 20 movement. I have 20 movement. She healed up drunk. Wouldn't she, though? Yes. Am I able to, if I use Step of the Wind, am I able to make it around and get to this one who's harrassing Caleb? You can certainly try. 'Cause I'd have 20 more movement and then my speed, which is 40. So I should be able to make it. You should. Do you want to try? All right. So five, ten, 15, and then go ahead and make an",Athletics
Athletics,"How do you want to sweet tooth this? That's all I can do. Sorry, Jester. That finishes your turn. Caleb, I need you to make a death saving throw, please. Sure. Let's do this. That's a six. That's a failure. First failed save on Caleb. All right. Molly, you have a turn now. Yes, I do. Yeah, laugh. Laugh it up. I'm pregnant! (laughter) Is it possible to make a leap across some of water at the very least to try and get back to land?",Athletics
Investigation,"people that are already hurt. (like Jester) ""Okay, okay, okay."" I mean, no, that's a lie. Unless they are attacking you. Don't stab people that are dead-dead. (like Jester) “Okay, okay, okay.” Okay, okay, okay. I realize something in a panic and I trudge through the water back towards the entrance and I pull out the wire and I put it in my hands and I Please, please, please get my books and put them in your bag, please? Okay.",Investigation
Investigation,"(chirping) Points to the side corner. Put those books in this pink bag, okay? All right. Are there any stairways, or doors, or gates, or anything that would lead upwards from this cavern? If you want to start inspecting the area: up the stairs, there's a platform above where there's more of the boxes and crates and there's piles of things gathered around some sort of rock formation, where that mist seems to be emanating from, which is still loosely drifting off of the surface of the water. Yeah, I'll take a closer look.",Investigation
Religion,"halberds that are part of this cache. They're resting open on the inside of this open crate. There's a locked, dark wood case, about four feet across and a foot wide, that is currently closed and latched. There's also a locked iron box that's flat, a foot and a half by a foot and a half. It's simple, steel, iron look to it. Then there's the stone formation that's about six to ten foot at different places. It's a bit oblong and strange. It's not a perfect oval, but it's made to be this pool of water, where the mist is rising and sifting out of it. Around the edges of it, there are dozens and dozens of metallic objects of different shapes and configurations and designs.",Religion
Investigation,"use ritual casting to cast Detect Magic. Okay. As you focus, there is a-- as you look over, there is a faint magical aura from inside the pool where the mist is emanating, and the long wooden box emanates a magical source from the inside. Is the staff that the-- You'd have to try and retrieve the body. It sunk into the water. We grabbed it before it sank. The staffed one? Okay. As you pull the staff over, the staff does not have any magical properties. It looked like it was just a focus for whatever spellcasting it was doing. Make an",Investigation
Investigation,"We know that there is something magical in the pool itself and then you said the long wooden box is glowing? Yes. What kind of magic is coming off of the wooden box? Enchantment. Enchantment. (exaggerated cockney accent) Enchantment! (exaggerated cockney accent) Enchantment! Hi, Yuri. I'll take a look in there. I'll walk towards the pool at the very least. I'm going to pick up any of the Moonweaver pieces.",Investigation
Investigation,"I'll take a look in there. I'll walk towards the pool at the very least. I'm going to pick up any of the Moonweaver pieces. Make an investigation check as you pore through and find as many as you want to. I don't believe that there is any kind of protection or magical lock on that. So, yeah, try to pick the lock from a distance. Ooh, what are all these things, Molly? I'm not entirely sure, but they're very, very nice. Are you glancing through as well? Yeah. I want to find something for the Traveler.",Investigation
Investigation,"Who are you talking to, Jester? The Traveler! Lookit! You have symbols here! It looks like a door. It is a door. He's a traveler. He travels. His symbol is a door? Yeah. Do you feel the Traveler in here? Well, if he is, he was fucking with me earlier. Are you in here? No response. I don't think so. Do I see anything from Ioun? I hobble up, crack my rib back in place.",Investigation
Investigation,"A 13 to-- To look for a symbol of the Stormlord. You find about four of them. Two of them are medallions and one of them looks like a ceramic marker that would be hung on a wall. One of them looks like it was part of a latch on a small chest and was torn from it. You see bits of rotted wood on the back of it where it may have been previously pressed in and bolted against the outside of a chest. Can I look around on the walls and on the doors and, using my criminal background, see if I see anything that’s Thieves’ Cant or smuggling operation things?",Investigation
Investigation,"I'm listening. What did he just say? He's not talking right now. Oh, yes. Okay. He's muttering. So it takes ten minutes to make the spell. Okay. So, while you're doing that. Is there one more box we haven't opened? There is one more metal box that's not been opened. Should I open it? You should check for traps and open it. All right. I'll finger it from afar.",Investigation
Investigation,"about two inches wide and it's broken off at a jagged side angle. Caleb is furrowing his brow at everybody arguing about this as he's 30 seconds away from ending. Stop! Con-cen-trate! Con-cen-trate! Lost. Gone. Yeah, I'll help Jester look around. Maybe we see a broken blade somewhere while he finishes that. Jester's holding my spell book. I know. I pass it over to Nott. Here. I'm not learning anything. Jester and I do a quick scan to see if we can find the broken blade.",Investigation
Investigation,to them in this area. They wanted this eye thing. That was the whole reason they attacked was-- what if they attack you now? For what? For having the thing inside of you! But you can't see it! I don't have it! Maybe they can sense it. Yeah! We solved it. We solved the mystery. I'm going to cast Dancing Lights and scour the room. Is there anything we're missing?,Perception
History,"to what you already have. No, I have a staff. Any shortswords better than my shortsword? They're well-made and fresh. I like mine. Do they seem sharper, or deadlier? They're less worn, but they're not deadlier, per se. Who's holding onto the broken-off hilt? I put it in the bag. Do you mind if I carry that? You know, yeah. Can I take 30 seconds to see if it jogs my memory since I'm such a history buff?",History
Survival,"I'll go behind Caleb. I'll go behind Yasha. I'll go next to Molly. I'll take up the rear. All right. Nott? 30 feet to the right. And Kiri will stay with Jester. Yeah, she can ride on my shoulders again. And Frumpkin? Frumpkin is scarfing it on my shoulders. Got it. Fjord, does that mean you're leading through? Who's responsible for navigating? I'm a couple steps behind Fjord, saying ""that way"" once in a while.",Survival
Nature,"watch as there is now a cluster of vines at the base of one of these trees, and what looks like thorns on them, appear to be jagged and in rows-- Is it a trap? Or is it organic? You don't know. I'm sorry, DM, could you say that again because I was busy rubbing it into Travis that Caleb is stronger than Fjord. Vines. You saw a patch of vines that were tangled at the base of one of these trees that you managed to stop Fjord before stepping into the area. Do we recognize these vines and what kind of plant this is?",Nature
Perception,"Vines. You saw a patch of vines that were tangled at the base of one of these trees that you managed to stop Fjord before stepping into the area. Do we recognize these vines and what kind of plant this is? Make a nature check. We'll see how this goes. No. Can I do a scan and look around? Nott, it could be a trap, come look and see if it's a trap. Okay, I'm coming. Can I do a scan and see if I see anybody responsible for making the vines move?",Nature
Investigation,"Make a nature check. We'll see how this goes. No. Can I do a scan and look around? Nott, it could be a trap, come look and see if it's a trap. Okay, I'm coming. Can I do a scan and see if I see anybody responsible for making the vines move? Make a perception check. Wow. Yeah, man, it's pretty bad. Eight. Nope, ten. Still getting used to my stats. You don't see anybody responsible for that. I will visually inspect it for traps.",Investigation
Survival,"easily make your distance. I throw little bits of moldy pastries at it because I feel sorry for it. Aww, feeding the plants. And it throws it back. Doesn't seem to have much interest in them, unfortunately. Well, it's still really good. It'll get hungry. Maybe later. Pressing on, you're heading back to Berleben, or are you searching for this hollow you found before? I was leading everyone back to where this troll was.",Survival
Stealth,"Those were the bone chimes! Oh no! That's scarier than wind chimes. Should we be stealthy? Yeah, we should be stealthy. Should I cast Pass Without a Trace on us? Yes. Is that all of us? Yeah. Stay within 30 feet of me, okay? Big times are coming, Nott. I don't want to, don't make me go in there. It's a troll house. Nott! What? Bless you. Now you have advantage on",Stealth
Stealth,"And I'm within 30 feet of Nott. So you move over here with Yasha, then? Sure, I guess? Okay, there's now this floating piece of dynamite just kind of gliding over the swamp. You hear the insects buzzing and various dragonflies making their way through. So you have it now floating in front of you, Yasha. Okay, I'll light it. It's going! Okay! I'm going to move toward the thing and make Mage Hand go in front of me all the way into the hole. Okay. You get right around this corner. Make",Perception
Athletics,"Nine. Not as much as Yasha. This'll be fun. Let's run up to it, see how close I can get. In order to make it with your distance, you're going to have to leap across that bit of open swamp water. I'm going to try to leap at that just north of me to see if I can get over here, then. By that spiritual weapon. If I can leap there. That'll be the rest of your movement. You'll be right there and that'll be the end of your movement. That's fine. At least it'll hopefully give everybody some flanking.",Athletics
Perception,"unpoisoned. I'll walk up to Fjord. And I'll cast Cure Wounds at level one. Whenever you cure anyone, it feels like a bother. I know, it's so begrudgingly. I'll tap his head and be like: Wake up already. Just to be sure, I'm going to dig around and make sure this is true death on this thing and it's not going to start regenerating or anything. Does it look like it's regenerating at all? Six points. Thank you.",Perception
Medicine,"Beau gets up, seeing Caleb a little bit messed up, and I'm going to go up to him and I'm let's take a walk. You pull him away. He's not present, currently. That's fine. I'm walking with him a little bit, slowly. I'm going to take my axe and I'm going to try to cut out his heart. Just in case. Very slowly, so it doesn't splatter. You have to wait a moment, because currently the body is being engulfed. Eventually the flames die down to the point where you can carve into its body, but most of its flesh is burned. It's",Medicine
Investigation,"destroyed swamp ground that much of it has been scattered all across. You do manage to find some coins between the two of you-- mostly you, Nott-- and it takes some digging. You're basically having to pan for gold here. You're going in the muck and having to sift through your fingers and pour your water out a bit, take it into the water. You manage to find roughly 26 gold pieces, ten silver pieces, and let's say about 50 copper pieces. Quarter of what we came back for, but sure! Does his body have a pouch on him at all? Can I search the body? The body of the troll? Make another",Investigation
Medicine,"13. There's basic hides wrapped around the midsection. There is a small pouch. You go inside and pull through and immediately your hands hit something that feels very cold and somewhat slimy. Looking inside, looks like there are slivers of muscle. Fresh muscle that had been torn off of some sort of a body laid in there. The smell is a little bit putrid. It may have been in there pickling for a while. Hey, Nott, I found some pickled muscle for you. What kind of species? The slimy kind.",Medicine
Medicine,"midsection. There is a small pouch. You go inside and pull through and immediately your hands hit something that feels very cold and somewhat slimy. Looking inside, looks like there are slivers of muscle. Fresh muscle that had been torn off of some sort of a body laid in there. The smell is a little bit putrid. It may have been in there pickling for a while. Hey, Nott, I found some pickled muscle for you. What kind of species? The slimy kind. You can make a medicine check to try and identify it.",Medicine
Persuasion,"currently. I go to knock. ""Sorry, we're closed."" You're not buying today? ""We're closed, it's sundown, and I'm shutting up."" Already? What time do you open tomorrow? ""Sunrise."" Are you sure you don't want to perhaps buy a fresh troll heart? (pause) ""What?"" I have a troll heart. It's full of poison. Very wet!",Persuasion
Deception,"Well, I'm flattered. Well, I'm going to go get a drink. I've got cards, I'm going to play and I'm going to drink. And we've got to discuss what's happening tomorrow. True. We'll find our way over to a table. Yeah, I'll go get a table. Does someone want to tuck Kiri in? Kiri at this point is leaning up on the counter towards the woman. And goes (like Jester) ""Don't eat humans, okay."" The woman goes, ""Aw!"" She's the sweetest, isn't she? She's wearing a mask, she's not really a bird! And I take her.",Persuasion
Stealth,"Oh, why not? Another round, please! And I'll put a gold for everyone down. Okay, she goes, ""Oh, of course, I'll go ahead and get that for you."" She closes the book and puts it beneath the counter and runs off and grabs the bottle that she had previously poured and shakes it. It's fairly empty, so she grabs another and then heads over to your table and begins to uncork and fill the drinks. As she's filling, I'll Mage Hand back and try to grab the book. Okay, you do not see where it is. You still have to have visual. Okay, I'll walk over there, then.",Stealth
Persuasion,"Make a stealth check. That's not great. 14. You could just be looking. Okay, she walks and is pouring drinks and looks over her shoulder in your direction, and is still pouring, but is looking at you. Kids, huh? They're always wandering off. ""Apparently."" Goo goo ga ga. Do I see where the book is now? You do see it from your perspective, but she is watching you. Uma, has anyone ever told you that you have eyes like the sea?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Damn it! Fjord, what was that? What was that? That's not how you talk to a woman! I'm not real practiced, I'm sorry. ""Your eyes are like the sea?"" We're in a landlocked part of the place here. She doesn't even know what that means. I should've said like the swamp, right? Your eyes are like stagnant water, green and-- no? Green and yellow in places. I walk directly up to the bar. They look like a troll took a shit in them. ""Can I help you?"" Yeah, I'm good on drinks. I was just curious what it is that you're reading.",Persuasion
Perception,"for it to get here? ""Well, the order goes out there, and pay upon delivery. It took me the better part of a ""month to get here."" I commiserate for your thirst for fiction. I struggle with it myself. How far in are you? Are you almost finished with it? ""I'm about three chapters in. It's just starting to get interesting."" Is it a page turner? ""Yes."" Okay, I'm obviously just a little bit jealous, but I don't want to take you away from your reading time.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"This is going to drive me crazy. Let's fucking kill her and take the book, take everything in the place! We have been wanting to buy a bar. Yeah, but you know what they say, it's location, location, location. Yeah, this town sucks. Yeah, it's really not that good. I'm going to go up to the bar. She's just pulled the book out and looks up and goes, ""Hi."" Hello. Here's the thing. You've made this very intriguing, this book that you're reading, and I can't leave here without knowing what it is.",Intimidation
Arcana,"Oh yes, please. I'm a little unnerved about this sword. Would you stay and watch for a second? This seems like a bad idea. Sure. All right. I'll summon the Wastehunter Falchion. As it emerges from your grasp, you can see there's the slight splash of sea water across the wall. There you can see, in the center of the pommel-- previously was just the well-crafted hilt to the blade-- you see a single, yellow, lidless eye on each side. Does it look like anything? Does it remind me of a mystic symbol of any kind?",Arcana
Arcana,"I'm a little unnerved about this sword. Would you stay and watch for a second? This seems like a bad idea. Sure. All right. I'll summon the Wastehunter Falchion. As it emerges from your grasp, you can see there's the slight splash of sea water across the wall. There you can see, in the center of the pommel-- previously was just the well-crafted hilt to the blade-- you see a single, yellow, lidless eye on each side. Does it look like anything? Does it remind me of a mystic symbol of any kind? Make an arcana check.",Arcana
Investigation,"it. Do you need it for a spell? Not exactly. I don't really have anything specific. I guess I'll know it when I see it. Something about yea big. You know, my father used to tell me that if a stone had a ring around it all the way, it was lucky. If a stone had a ring around it? Yeah, like a natural formation, a coloration, right? It doesn't matter, though. I start looking for a stone. Kiri, help us look for a stone. A good one. I'll look with him.",Investigation
Sleight of Hand,"out loud. It's been a while. That's a good name. Names are important. Yeah. But you got your rock! Got my rock. All right. Let's rock out. Kiri, come on. Before we leave, or as we're leaving the Molly, stay inside for a little bit, okay? And keep talking to the guy, okay? For just a minute. All right. I'm going to use my paint, and I'm going to change the sign to ""The Fungal Fart."" (laughter)",Sleight of Hand
Deception,"Yeah. But you got your rock! Got my rock. All right. Let's rock out. Kiri, come on. Before we leave, or as we're leaving the Molly, stay inside for a little bit, okay? And keep talking to the guy, okay? For just a minute. All right. I'm going to use my paint, and I'm going to change the sign to ""The Fungal Fart."" (laughter) All righty. Make a sleight of hand check, if you don't mind. I'll give you advantage if you",Deception
Insight,"So, all right. City's got a lot of gnomes, and they're filled with industry, and they work all the time. But at night, they party. Gnome parties. Work hard, party hard. It's what that city's all about. And they live in mushroom houses. I don't know about the mushroom houses thing, but I've heard some crazy-- they have ragers every night. I've heard gnome parties are the craziest kind. Are you making this up? No. Not at all.",Insight
Insight,"gnomes, and they're filled with industry, and they work all the time. But at night, they party. Gnome parties. Work hard, party hard. It's what that city's all about. And they live in mushroom houses. I don't know about the mushroom houses thing, but I've heard some crazy-- they have ragers every night. I've heard gnome parties are the craziest kind. Are you making this up? No. Not at all. Insight check!",Insight
Perception,"lack of information-- The fact that they can't speak. At some point, we want to pull out the map and show it to Kiri and see if she can point to anything on the map. They're not dead! We're going to get this fucking bird killed, y'all. I'm just saying. This bird's going to die. The Sending spell isn't able to connect with anybody, unfortunately, but you tried. First day of travel comes to a close  you reach the river. Actually, you don't quite reach the river, you almost do. First night's rest happens. For",Persuasion
Perception,"sense that one of them, as Frumpkin looks up, has a small selection of fruits, some looking more tropical, probably further south-sourced, brighter oranges and yellow in color, some with vibrant green leaves. Pineapple! Durian! The white tent goes by, has more of a general goods feel. There are tools, repair kits for travel. You see some bolts, two crossbows in the back wall, all sorts of general tools. It looks to be a general store and some basic means to defend oneself when on the road. Any books?",Perception
Persuasion,"that ought to do it. ""Define 'little bit of lumber.' For the structure?"" Yeah, covered wagon-worth. ""I don't have much in the way of lumber. I have a few--"" Do you have bamboo? Whatever you have. There's no bamboo. There are wood slats, but no super-long pieces that could be curved over. All right, at the very least we can fake something for now. That's fair. What's my total right now? ""40 gold."" I could do 35.",Persuasion
Perception,"circumstance, but you get something functional. Okay. Burlap, it's all burlap. Or really itchy wool. Continuing northward, as the sky gets subtly darker and darker, preparing for what is the coming dusk, you see ahead a caravan of carts heading southward along the road that's going to intersect with your path. What? What's ahead? A caravan of four carts, heading your direction, heading southward and going to cross your path. Can we see?",Perception
Perception,"They don't. They look like wagons. And as they begin to approach, they turn and give you a wide berth like they're about to make room to travel past you guys. It could be a diamond shipment. Maybe we should ask. Howdy! What news from the road up ahead? The gentleman at the front puts a hand up and the carts slow down a little bit. ""Nothing, ""just passing through."" No dangers? Clear roads? ""Roads are clear so far."" What do the faces of the people who aren't talking look like?",Perception
Perception,"Labenda Swamp, began to rise and kind of loomed over the swamp, and then began to slowly get more distant. As you traveled southward the crossroads begins to come further into view again. The mountain range moving closer, more massive, kind of peeking over, this large-- it's very, very steep edges to the base of this mountain range. You get the sense that passage over or through is very specific. Or at least nowhere in visible sight. As you guys begin to crest into dusk for this next, fourth evening of travel, who's keeping watch? Me and Caleb. All right. You guys go ahead and roll",Perception
Stealth,"Yeah, it could be. Do you want to wake everybody up, or-- Not yet, let's find out what it is. Well, I can't see shit! I'll go look. You stay here and be ready to wake. Okay, well, hold on a second. Just wear my cat as a scarf. And she digs-- dammit, my cat was a girl, but-- never mind. He digs his claws into Nott's neck and hangs in. I'll flank around and try to see if I can see what this thing is. And Caleb sits between Fjord and Beau and loses his sight and vision and listens.",Stealth
Perception,"One. (laughs) Plus ten, but it was a natural one. Still a natural one. Fuck a duck! (laughter) Get out of my eyeline! Get out of my eyeline, Wil Wheaton! (laughter) It's a 30-foot radius! You have sunglasses or anything I could wear? (laughter) As you begin to slowly approach, make a",Perception
Perception,"Plus ten, but it was a natural one. Still a natural one. Fuck a duck! (laughter) Get out of my eyeline! Get out of my eyeline, Wil Wheaton! (laughter) It's a 30-foot radius! You have sunglasses or anything I could wear? (laughter) As you begin to slowly approach, make a perception check, please. That's a 12.",Perception
Perception,"about 100 feet off the road. Okay. I will cast Silent Image, and I will make it look like there's just a curious human walking over there. (bad American accent) Hi, I'm an American man! (laughter) I pull out a wire and say, You're onto this, right? This is a possible ambush, ja? It seems like-- yeah? So, Chent goes over there and checks it out. Chent? When have you ever met a Chent? You know, good old Chent. I already hate him.",Persuasion
Perception,"Okay. I will withdraw him if nothing has happened. Okay. I didn't-- I take out my wire-- I didn't see anything move. I think it might just be a cart. Probably but give it a moment. Okay. I'll wait. Tell him to do the Running Man. He's not a good dancer  he's a white guy. (laughter) Ja I can relate, but just do it. White man's overbite, white man's overbite-- there it is! Can't handle.",Persuasion
Perception,"You suffer six points of piercing damage as a crossbow bolt catches you in the thigh. (groans) I will reduce that to three. All right. You glance over to the side and you can see what looks to be a humanoid shape that darts down into the grass and begins shifting around the other side of the cart. Caleb will, at this point, once everyone is awake-- Yasha was the last one-- go back in to see what is going on. Oh, shit. (stammering) Nott's being attacked. Let's go! And I jump out of the cart. Did I see where the creature went? Yeah. It ran down through the grass--",Athletics
Perception,"the group if I decide they're a threat, if they sound like a threat. Well, you have to release it next round or the spell's lost. Yeah, that's fine. Okay. You prepare, you're readying Slow. Do we see any visual of the face of whoever is yelling that? There's very little light except for a little bit of light that's coming from the sky. The globes are like a lantern light, but it's the middle of the night, so you can see the shapes. They're not able to hide at the moment, but you don't see any features or details as you're",Stealth
Persuasion,"Now, now. Is that apology accepted at this point? Do you guys have healing potions, because you just sent a lot of arrows at Nott. I mean at this-- I mean-- You said her name. It's all right. ""We don't have much. We're so sorry. Seriously, this is a huge misunderstanding."" I'm going to put this out here, that we just received an apology. This sort of behavior should be rewarded. You know the drill. ""Thank you. Thank you!"" Take off your pants and walk away.",Persuasion
Investigation,"their crossbows. I am not taking their clothes, but I am interested to see what they are carrying. That is very fair, let's take a look. Is that your cart, or did it belong to someone before you? ""It belonged to someone. They're alive. We didn't kill them, but we took their stuff and we ""sent them on their way."" Are you bullshitting us? ""No!"" Are you bullshitting me now? ""No!"" I'm looking in his cart.",Investigation
Investigation,"Is that your cart, or did it belong to someone before you? ""It belonged to someone. They're alive. We didn't kill them, but we took their stuff and we ""sent them on their way."" Are you bullshitting us? ""No!"" Are you bullshitting me now? ""No!"" I'm looking in his cart. Okay, make an investigation check. As I'm laying in the grass with the guy who I knocked unconscious, I'm going to pat down his body.",Investigation
Deception,"I think they're freelance, Jester. They work for themselves. Oh. Then if you're going to do bad things, at least work for somebody who's rich and doing bad things! Don't just steal from people on the road, that's stupid! Two of the guys go like, ""Yeah, no, she's got a point."" ""I know!"" I walk up to this guy, and I take the stone out of my pocket and I place it against his forehead, and I mutter a few words under my breath. And now I know where you are at all times, and I will know if you are still doing this kind of work, and I will come and I will kill you.",Deception
Investigation,"Respect management. ""Yeah."" They pick up their crossbows and tuck them under their arms. ""Good night. Safe travels."" Only steal from grumpy people! So true. ""Good night."" The guy next to you, as you're patting him down, two things. One, you manage to get about seven silver from him. That's all the money he has on him at the moment. (singing) Hey, big spender! You find a hard spot on the side of his stomach that he should probably get checked out. Oh god, why? Because he doesn't have anything else, but",Investigation
Perception,"clouds. You've reached the outskirts of Hupperdook. This is not how I pictured it. I like it. I told you it's a city of industry. I like a good waterfall. Where are the EDM gnomes? Well, that happens at nightfall. Is it mostly gnomes that live in the city? I think mostly gnomes, but I'm pretty sure there are other people. I don't know. I've never been here. I've only heard stories. Does it look like the buildings are teeny? From best you can tell from this",Insight
Perception,"You're not sure what animal would be able to pull that. You also see siege towers, 30 feet tall, wheeled, with a number of ladders and platforms inside that are used to clamor up against fortresses. You see one that looks almost like a giant battering ram that is in the process of being constructed. The interior metal rod is currently resting on the ground next to it and they're building an outer frame. Looking past, on the far end-- on the northern end, you can see a huge cannon, maybe about 15 feet across and about three to four feet wide in the middle. That one is on a platform. The wheels are currently resting in the side and they're in the process of finishing",Investigation
History,"Yard, which is the area where all these war machines are being built, you can see a roped section that is just pock-marked craters and scarred ground, what you assume to be some sort of a testing ground for whatever they've been working on over the numerous decades or more they've been here. You're not sure-- actually, roll a history check, because I'm curious to see how much you know about this. (sing-songy) Don't fuck me, Gil. Yes! He did it. Fucked me pretty hard. That's three. Can I use my mystical erudition to get an advantage",History
Perception,"technology they're developing. Okay. So it's not new. Okay. Glancing about, you see more crownsguard attire, though now you're starting to get to more gnomish crownsguard who are established there. And on their backs, as opposed to spears or shields at the ready, you see similar weapons to what some of the army moving eastward were carrying. You see long metal rods affixed with a wooden buttress at the end. These strange firearms that have been carefully relegated to certain individuals here are a little more in use here. Are there any platform shoes, glowsticks, or pacifiers?",Perception
Perception,"on their backs, as opposed to spears or shields at the ready, you see similar weapons to what some of the army moving eastward were carrying. You see long metal rods affixed with a wooden buttress at the end. These strange firearms that have been carefully relegated to certain individuals here are a little more in use here. Are there any platform shoes, glowsticks, or pacifiers? Make a perception check. All right. 13. Not yet. Are there any flowers that are even visible at this area?",Perception
Perception,"the army moving eastward were carrying. You see long metal rods affixed with a wooden buttress at the end. These strange firearms that have been carefully relegated to certain individuals here are a little more in use here. Are there any platform shoes, glowsticks, or pacifiers? Make a perception check. All right. 13. Not yet. Are there any flowers that are even visible at this area? Make a perception check. Pink hearts, yellow moons.",Perception
Deception,"of place in this rather dark space. They step onto the lift, and as you approach, the guards put their hands out. ""I'm sorry, who are you?"" We are guests here. Looking for lodgings for the night. ""Lodgings? Well, you'll have to take the path upward. This is designated for guests of ""Hupperdook."" That's what we are. We're guests of Hupperdook. ""Guests of whom?"" Hupperdook. Guests of Ophelia Mardun. Yes. That one.",Deception
Perception,"I'm just asking. I don't know! Could be free love and a bunch of crazy people roaming around, I don't know! It is called the Blushing Tankard. Right? Why is it blushing? ""Because you put your lips to it."" Oh, shit. Because why? Because you put your lips to it. Oh. Yeah. We're in for a fucki-- Okay. Lead the way! Do I see anyone selling glow sticks?",Persuasion
Perception,"helming the cart and the horses? Fjord. I am. Okay. Rissa saddles up, sits right in the little bench next to you at the front of the cart and takes part of the reins. ""Helping to guide you to where you're trying to get to go. Follow me. ""Tug to the right and it's got about two blocks down that way. It's going to be hard to miss. Look ""for the large arch with the various spiraling ivy vines against it."" Very nice of you. Can I keep an eye on her hands just to make sure she's not going through my pockets while she's up here?",Perception
Intimidation,"""hard enough. I saw this table fair and square."" The other one goes, ""You don't work, Tabletop, ""just like your brain-sick dad. This table's for working folk."" Fitz glances over and says, ""Go ask ""your pops to make you a table to drink at alone. Might buy you an hour before it breaks."" I'm going to walk right into the middle of this. Gentle persons, are you harassing our employee right now? They both look wildly confused. ""No, no."" We have employed the services of this person right here, and I would agree that you should probably leave right now and get another table for yourselves.",Intimidation
Sleight of Hand,"I was going to smack him on the ass with my tail at the same time. All right, which one? I'll do the other one. The one on the left for me. The one that just flicked you in the nose, his eyes go black and you can see the bit of crimson pooling at the corner of the eyes. He goes, (stuttering), stumbles back, and hits the stool, and falls onto his ass. ""What's going on?!"" I'm going to jump on top of him and start rifling through his pockets. Thank you. I was hoping for it.",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"Also, you have to embrace ""yes, and,"" Fjord. ""Yes, and,"" not ""no, but."" This is good. You have an opportunity for later, if you choose to use it. Yeah, I could sit in the room and let you know if they're any good or not! Are you honestly okay? You seem very perturbed. I'm not real comfortable with this sort of stuff. Have you ever been with someone? Yeah, totally. Are you sure? Yep.",Perception
Investigation,"Oh, yeah. There aren't a lot of them, meaning there's not an endless supply, but you go back to the same people that are just up the road to the right from the outside of the tavern. You can find the same two vendors you spoke with earlier. You want to buy them out real fast? Let's go! Steal some? We can just pay for it. You said there were silk flowers? There's fake flowers? I want to see if I can find the best looking-- that New Orleans, Halloween night, crazy beautiful, overproduced--",Investigation
Perception,"meaning there's not an endless supply, but you go back to the same people that are just up the road to the right from the outside of the tavern. You can find the same two vendors you spoke with earlier. You want to buy them out real fast? Let's go! Steal some? We can just pay for it. You said there were silk flowers? There's fake flowers? I want to see if I can find the best looking-- that New Orleans, Halloween night, crazy beautiful, overproduced-- Make an investigation check, and you make a",Investigation
Perception,"No. It really was more of a learning sort of thing. Yeah, study is key. Yes. It's all about studying. That's true. At this moment, Caleb, in listening to this conversation, your eyes focus on a sign post behind her on a building that reads Bent Binders. I'm done here. I walk towards the store. Is it open? No. The windows are closed. Oh my gosh. I press my nose to the glass and try to see what I can see. Is there a lot of books in there? Or just a few books? Or--",Investigation
Investigation,"bookbinding in there. From what I can tell, does it look like a technical place where they are just making books or do they have books for sale? It looks like they have books for sale, but it's too dark for you to see if they are blank or if they are actual books at the moment. I cannot tell if it's a happy or a sad bookstore. You cannot tell yet, no. Just like Christmas, you must wait 'til the morning. (laughter) Are there any silk flowers? I was looking for those.",Investigation
Insight,"My name is Jester. What's your name? ""Tara."" Tara, so nice to meet you. ""Nice to meet you, too."" Red brick by the door. There's this pause, and she goes, ""Okay. Bye."" Okay. See you! Then runs back and goes, ""Dad, dad, dad,"" and starts taking the copper and puts it in his hand and he's, like, ""Oh, that's a fine job."" He pulls his hat up a bit and takes the coin. He looks over to you as you walk away and-- Does he seem like a nice dad?",Insight
Persuasion,"""Next up, we have Ruth!"" You watch as this rotund, tough-looking, oval of a gnomish woman comes up there, her hair pulled into really tight braids in the side, with bright freckles and this grimace. This woman has seen some shit and lived. She gets up to the side, takes the same tankard, and goes, ""I'll show you how it's done, Duncan. Fill it!"" She's got nothing on you. She's nothing! You got this! My resting bitch face is stronger! And I jump in. I hop up on the table next to her and start Beau! Beau! Beau! Beau!",Persuasion
Deception,"""that all you got? You going to lose the wind in your sails there, green boy?"" I admit, I feel a little weak. I can't tell if it's the drink or if it's your beautiful visage sitting in front of me. You hear this voice go, ""Ah, ey ey! He's mine."" Shit. Fill her up. They fill up the two drinks. I want to cast Mirror Image on myself in front of... her. What's her name? Tanya. Tanya, and wiggle to make it look like her vision's starting to double.",Deception
Performance,"Puke and rally! Yep! I'm going to ask Caleb to waltz with me. Okay. Nott, I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you! So well done! You were great out there. In the midst of everything dying down, people are starting to get pretty sloshed, and the energy level, while still rather rowdy, some folks are starting to tap out for the night. Jester drags Caleb into the center of the tavern floor, takes hands, and Caleb, almost running out on autopilot, who does have some minor experience in",Performance
Investigation,"My coin purse is missing! Her koi pond! My koi pond! Your money is gone? Is my money still on me? You still have your money on you. I still have my money. What happened to yours? Motherfucker, there was 300 gold in there! You should really spread it out, Beau! That's really not good! Should we go looking for it? Maybe you dropped it under the bed. Can I start looking around the room?",Investigation
Insight,"All right, thank you, have a good morning. ""You too."" He sits back into his post, looking a bit confused. Ask Irena about the little girl. Irena, what about the little girl? ""I don't know what you're talking about. Which little girl?"" There's a little girl that was walking around last night that was asking for money and stuff. ""Oh yeah, the beggar. She comes in every now and then. Some folks help her get along."" She doesn't steal things? ""Not that I've seen. She's like a waif.",Insight
Persuasion,"Rissa's like, ""Dad, they don't want it, it's fine. No one wants all your bullshit, please."" That's not true, it actually is quite impressive. ""You wouldn't say that if you'd known what some of his other things have done."" He gets quiet for a second and recoils, quietly hurt. He goes, ""It comes with the job sometimes. Not everything ""works out like you hope."" You said you'd lost some favor with people in power. I don't mean to pry, but would you mind sharing what happened? ""Uh--"" and Rissa's like, ""Ah, it's-- you don't have to answer him. We can go find the",Persuasion
Intimidation,"flourish. See, now we're in a dangerous territory, because once that staff comes out, she's got to hit something with it, and it's not going to be me. Listen, Fitz. The best thing you can do here have you ever seen anyone around that establishment that might take advantage of some people enjoying some good imbibements? (whimpering) Oh, Fitz. Tick tock, tick tock. ""I don't know! Maybe, um--"" I take a few steps forward. Oh no.",Intimidation
Perception,"No, not at all. So if I got in the middle of the area and cast Locate Object, it would do a really big radius. It would reach at least the top of the buildings. Oh yeah, very much so. Let's go. Okay. Okay. As you make your way through, you're not entirely sure where Ol' Blemmy is, but you make your way towards where the middle, Rissa says, of the district is-- Keeping an eye out for old, craggly sailor-types.",Perception
Acrobatics,"Oh, we're going to circle around? Fuck yeah! If she's getting a beacon. You see Kiri pulls out her knife and goes, (like Jester) ""I can send a message."" Oh no. No, Kiri, this is where we're stealthy, all right? Knife goes away. Shh. Nice. (like Fjord) ""Shh. Nice"" Do we want to send Nott or a cat in? Is there a roof to this thing? There is a roof, yeah. Two story? One story? It's one story. It's not a huge building. It's maybe three rooms? I parkour on the roof.",Acrobatics
Perception,"She's already up. She hops up there, I run around the back. Okay. We surround the building. I'm going to stay in the front. Ooh! 25. All right. You guys surround it. (landing footfalls) Are there any chimneys? Soft spots in the floor? Skylights? There isn't a skylight, per se, but you do see there is a little smokestack that's about three feet wide or so. Two and a half feet wide. I'm going to peek in. Can I see down?",Perception
Insight,"But it's still another three or four days. You have a means of contacting The Gentleman. You could ask for a three-day extension. I tend to find these sorts of jobs, asking for a three-day extension does not go well. You're given the time, you do the job, you finish it, you don't ask questions, you don't ask for special-- Haven't you been working for the circus for two years? That's what I'm talking about. When you're in a circus, sometimes you get paid to do gigs. Things have happened. I've run a couple things in my time.",Insight
Insight,"days. You have a means of contacting The Gentleman. You could ask for a three-day extension. I tend to find these sorts of jobs, asking for a three-day extension does not go well. You're given the time, you do the job, you finish it, you don't ask questions, you don't ask for special-- Haven't you been working for the circus for two years? That's what I'm talking about. When you're in a circus, sometimes you get paid to do gigs. Things have happened. I've run a couple things in my time. Insight check.",Insight
Insight,"I tend to find these sorts of jobs, asking for a three-day extension does not go well. You're given the time, you do the job, you finish it, you don't ask questions, you don't ask for special-- Haven't you been working for the circus for two years? That's what I'm talking about. When you're in a circus, sometimes you get paid to do gigs. Things have happened. I've run a couple things in my time. Insight check. Insight check? I think it's, ""Do I believe him?"" right? Yes. Do I believe him?",Insight
Insight,"But the DM hates it! I find it amusing. Sorry. Do I think he's lying? We're a circus! Of course we've robbed people! My god, we have robbed, swindled, we've been robbed, we've gone back and found the people who've robbed them, sometimes we don't! Oh my god, yes. Does that mean that your cards are bullshit? Of course they're bullshit, they're fucking cards. No they're not, they're super true! I am asking Mollymauk. You're asking if my cards are bullshit? My cards are not bullshit.",Insight
Perception,"either horse-drawn or powered by something you don't quite understand yet that have other large weapons attached to them. We saw bolt-throwers, those giant bolt-throwers. Like, Lord of the Rings-style. Siege towers. Also Lord of the Rings-style. Very Lord of the Rings. Battering ram, like every fantasy movie-style, but definitely Lord of the Rings and the huge cannons. Not very Lord of the Rings. Pirates. Cool. That's what we saw last-- or that's what",Perception
Perception,"three gnome-sized meat pies which are about that big. Oh. Can we make that a double? ""Six gnomish meat pies!"" Thank you. Passes them over. We have money again, don't we? Yes, we have our money back. I throw down for the pies. Okay. We'll say for the total of that, it's maybe a silver. When the whistles blew, Matthew, did we see any guards do a shift change at the prison? Because you were rushing to get the pies,",Insight
Perception,"""No, it's on the northern side of the bottom shelf."" She leads you guys over to the outskirts, and there is a big fence that wraps around the Assembly Yard, where a lot of these thin standing, skeletal towers of metal are placed against some constructs that are in partial levels of construction. Others are empty and not currently in use. Other ones seem to have been near completion, and they're in the process of preparing and breaking down the various siege engine for transport to the east. Who's keeping an eye out to see if there’s anything that could be used like tar? Who's looking for this? I'll look for that.",Perception
Investigation,"yard that they're currently using this material is about 60 feet away from you. 60 to 70 from your immediate guess at a glance. Oh, it is about that distance. Okay. So it might be just shy or-- let's give it a whirl. Just give me ten-ish minutes. Ten minutes!? Oh, okay. That's not bad. I pull a book out of my holster and flip to the right page and start muttering. Does anyone want to do anything in those nine minutes left? I'll walk around and see if there's a way through the gate that's hidden.",Perception
Acrobatics,"There are large metal poles incrementally, about every 12 or so feet. In between there it looks like there are cross lattices of an inch wide and a quarter-inch thick metal bars that weave across to form the fence. So that bucket is not going between any of that. Probably not. Nott, would you be able to use your invisible hand to lift that up and over? When Schmidt comes close enough, yes. Okay. All right. You guys are prepared? Yep.",Acrobatics
Performance,"I'll keep watch. Oof, ten. Ten. As you reach down, grabbing the foot of Mollymauk, with one big (grunt) you lift him, and he tosses in the air, gracefully, arms out, almost like a reverse swan dive into the air. You land and (impact). (groaning) Land legs open, you manage to miss the vital areas, but it definitely wracks the inside of the thigh a little bit, a painful landing. Can I try and push up into a handstand? You manage to do so, but it lacks the presentational and grace element of it. Make a",Performance
Deception,"now. So, I take a jump and try and land on the shoulders. Straight acrobatics? Straight acrobatics for this. All right. You go away  I'm trying you. That's a natural 20. Ooh. (flipping) (impact) Landing right onto Yasha's shoulders. She catches you there, and you're still, from their perspective you jumped off of the fence and landed behind the fence, and are-- I'm going to do a little side by side walking to make it look like he's-- Sorry, you had a great fence, and we're working on an act!",Deception
Sleight of Hand,"""arrivals you got here, Cleff, and a couple of loonies diving off the outside of our very ""well-protected fence, but sure. Cleff, what's your business with these assholes?"" He's like, ""We're ""making our way to try and make right some mistakes I've made, certainly, hopefully."" He glances through with a bit of a tightened gaze and goes, ""All right. Well, just keep them off my fence."" A lovely fence it is. Turns around and starts walking back to his post. As he starts walking, I'll nod to Caleb and try to do the lift over the fence. Oh, jeez, I go--",Sleight of Hand
Persuasion,"curiously at this interesting, wayward group making their way towards the outside. Three of them begin to approach, and one of the humans in the more intricate crownsguard uniform approaches, throwing the cloak over his shoulder, and you can see his hand resting on the handle of his now-sheathed sword. ""Hey, who goes there? What is your business?"" We are a contracted group of workers, working for this man right here, Cleff. We're here to take care of the problem that we heard you guys had with the clockwork warden. Cleff pulls the hood back a bit and goes, ""Hello."" Guy takes a moment and looks. Make a",Persuasion
Persuasion,"defeat machines in the future. We're trying new techniques, new ways to defeat these sort of automatons. You look like a man who's willing to climb a ladder. I think you could go far. We'd be happy to help. War is a great time for opportunity, my friend. We may discuss, perhaps, if we can help-- we have two friends who are currently in your system, and we would be more than happy to discuss a means of maybe resolving their issue with you. Not innocence, but just coming to a conclusion that is mutually agreeable.",Persuasion
Perception,"scarred by a large, heavy clawmark down one side, the eye glued shut from the healing process. You see this toothy, rotten grin underneath as a nasty smell of breath emanates from its heavy breathing, and as you pass by, it says, ""Hey. Are you going to come back, are you? Where are you going? Where ""are you going? Come back!"" And you walk past. One of the guards takes their shortsword and clangs it across the metal and goes, ""Keep back, keep back."" Mr. Schuster, you look terrible! I yell very loud to see if anybody responds to the name. To what name? Mr. Schuster. Schuster? Okay. You listen. Make a",Persuasion
Perception,"of gashes and scrapes across the metal. They're bowed in a bit from impacts repeatedly. It's slightly bent inward. You can attempt to pick a lock, if you'd like. I'll pick a lock. Go ahead and roll. That's proficiency bonus plus dexterity. That's is a 14. A 14. (clicking) It's not triggering the lock. These are not easy locks to get through. They're designed to hold prisoners, unfortunately, so they're fairly hardy locks. You spend a while with it and are unable to hit those tumblers. It looks like it's not going to open. Make a",Investigation
Perception,"lock. These are not easy locks to get through. They're designed to hold prisoners, unfortunately, so they're fairly hardy locks. You spend a while with it and are unable to hit those tumblers. It looks like it's not going to open. Make a perception check as you're looking through the bars. Four. I sneak up behind Nott. All right. (whispering) I can open this if you need me to. I just like to save my shit. I don't know what's in it. I can't see anything through it, can I?",Investigation
Perception,"Caleb, you want to use the torch to take a look in there, maybe? I'm keeping an eye through this hallway and I think I'm going to slowly start scooting. Start scooting this way? But against the wall. What an amazing mini. Thank you. Yeah. These are the painted prototypes to give you a little bit of a glance of what these will look like. There are a few changes for the final designs, of course, but these will give you an idea. All righty. There's Molly on that side. Caleb, as you hold the torch up at the bars and",Perception
Perception,"probably. There are some dead inmates in here. If the thing comes out here we're all dead so we should probably figure out a way to stop it. We can all get in that room if we have to. All right, but I can't open it. Normally you don't want to get trapped in a room with something bigger and spinning with 12 blades. I think we'd be better off holding this choke point. That's the hope, but we have these other options over here. Is there anything I can see from my perspective, from where I'm standing right now?",Perception
Perception,"though. Make an intelligence check, Caleb, if you don't mind. That is 15. 15. Okay. You were referring. I believe, to the spell Arcane Lock, right? ""Impassable until it is broken, or the spell is dispelled or suppressed."" Yep. It can still be forced open  it's just a higher DC to do so. It's possible, but it makes it a much harder door to break through. Okay. You have a valid point to what you're saying, yes.",Investigation
Perception,"don't mind. That is 15. 15. Okay. You were referring. I believe, to the spell Arcane Lock, right? ""Impassable until it is broken, or the spell is dispelled or suppressed."" Yep. It can still be forced open  it's just a higher DC to do so. It's possible, but it makes it a much harder door to break through. Okay. You have a valid point to what you're saying, yes. Can I still complete my perception check and see if I see down here?",Investigation
Stealth,"hoping me to do? Send the cat. Sending the cat to take a look-- Scout with the cat. Kitty scout. This may be the end of the cat. Yeah, okay. I'm going to back as far away from that door as I can, and I will send Frumpkin in. Moving back in the corner with Beau and Yasha. Right about there, we'll say. Ladies. You begin to focus and Frumpkin heads to the right side of the fork into the chamber you've already looked into, towards the open cell doors that are currently pried off that archway. As",Stealth
Stealth,"stick out of it as it pulls back and begins to roll forward at a very extreme pace. I snap Frumpkin out of there. It rolls forward. Frumpkin just manages to bamf out of this dimension as the object slams into the opposite wall. You guys feel the entire chamber suddenly (crash) from the impact and you hear this scraping of metal in the distance. I'm going to re-cast Mage Hand and pick up the bucket of tar. It rolls across the way and disappears into the other chamber. I'm going to stealthily move forward, back where I was across from Molly.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"to-- Beau doesn’t go yet because it’s now the Gearkeeper’s turn. I’m sorry. That’s okay. I didn’t know. That’s all right. The Gearkeeper. Beginning of its turn, it’s going to attempt to roll over Yasha to go into the chamber. Yasha, you need to make an athletics or acrobatics check. Okay, okay, okay. You’re raging, so you have advantage on your",Acrobatics
Investigation,"forced it out of the frame of the door, and it's going to take a bit more force to push it open enough to move inside, but you manage to do so. The three of us will get that door open. Caleb stops mid-somatic gesture and says, ""Ah, fuck this,"" and goes back to the first door and has a short rest. Okay. Yeah, Beau is going to deliriously-- still really messed up, like a drunk person doing a pointless task-- is going to try and scoop up some ball bearings that she threw, and then after maybe she picks up like ten--",Investigation
Investigation,"to scoop up-- you have, we'll say, 814 ball bearings. Okay. (laughs) Most of which because it's such a ridiculous item. Then after I, deliriously tired of scooping up ball bearings, I'm going to stumble back and collapse next to Caleb and also take a short rest. Okay. May I go over and see the room where this thing was staying in, on the other side? Sure, so you make your way to the opposite end. Anything near the bodies?",Perception
Investigation,"This I'm good at. One. (laughter) You find-- at first you think it's dried compost, but you eventually realize, no, it's just very old human excrement. Ooh. At some point we'll cast Detect Magic-- You found prison poop. Old prison poop. Yes. Yasha, you head off to the other side where the gate is open, and as you go inside, you can see the interior of this chamber is as scraped up as the rest of them from where this sentry was attempting to scan and break out. On the inside--",Investigation
Deception,"gnomish guards goes, ""Well, fucking A. Is it done?"" The other gnomes rush past him and say, ""Sure enough. They killed the thing!"" He's like, ""Oh, all right. I'll lead you back to our boss. ""Come on, follow me."" Beauregard goes: I just-- it took a lot out of us. I pass out in Yasha's arms. Okay. Yasha? Do I buy this? You have to carry me. I got you. Fireman carries you. I want to have an insight versus",Deception
Insight,"done?"" The other gnomes rush past him and say, ""Sure enough. They killed the thing!"" He's like, ""Oh, all right. I'll lead you back to our boss. ""Come on, follow me."" Beauregard goes: I just-- it took a lot out of us. I pass out in Yasha's arms. Okay. Yasha? Do I buy this? You have to carry me. I got you. Fireman carries you. I want to have an insight versus deception check on you.",Deception
Investigation,"Unless you roll really poorly. As I'm holding her-- I rolled way better. --I will cast Healing Hands. Okay. Go ahead and roll for that. Regain number of hit points equal to your level. So you gain an extra five hit points. You make me feel so warm inside. Come on, Nott. How many hit points? Five. A whole five. On our way out, do I see my bolt anywhere?",Investigation
Perception,"Yeah. To Shitty Creek? Let's make our way. Is that where we're going next? Fjord musters the cart, the horses, retrieves them from where they were stored during your stay here. Are we making our way out of town? Looks like it, unless you guys have anything else planned. On the way out of town-- you said when we came into town there were some guards with pistols, with guns? Yes. Do we see any on the way out?",Perception
Sleight of Hand,"On the way out of town-- you said when we came into town there were some guards with pistols, with guns? Yes. Do we see any on the way out? Make a perception check, as you make your way through the bottom end of the city. 14. 14? Glancing through, there are two crownsguard that walk by, both gnomish. One of them appears to be carrying a heavy sword on the back. The other one does have some sort of strange contraption, like a firearm pistol at its side. I'm going to try to steal it.",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"I'm going to try to steal it. Make a sleight of hand check. Yes! With either Mage Hand, or my own hand, whatever's-- Up to you. Mage Hand. All right. What am I doing? Sleight of hand? Sleight of hand, so your proficiency modifier plus your dex. Oh. 19, then. So not sleight of hand, this is a dexterity check. Well no, sleight of hand is-- I'm sorry, no,",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"of Hupperdook, with the people, adventures that you met and left behind, and forge your way on further up the Crispvale Roadway heading towards the Glory Run Road, that heads north, towards Nogvurot and the Shadycreek Run. Heading on for the next better half of the day, you make a fair amount of travel, before the sun eventually sets before you can reach the crossroads. Eventually having to pull off to the side of the road to make camp for the first night there. You head off your general curious range there, you set up a small camp. Who's taking first watch? Nott and I. Okay. Nott and Caleb, if you wouldn't mind",Perception
Athletics,"All right. You pull your weapon. Make an attack, if you want. Yes. Okay. 25. 25 hits. Roll damage on that. Where was this? She’s a bad motherfucker. 18? 18 damage. Oof! You have a second attack, if you like. Oh, that’s a nine. Your first one impacts one guy and there’s a splash of blood, silent. Once again, no sound here. The second one swings wide and the other guy captures it. He grabs your arm and pulls you in.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"attack, if you want. Yes. Okay. 25. 25 hits. Roll damage on that. Where was this? She’s a bad motherfucker. 18? 18 damage. Oof! You have a second attack, if you like. Oh, that’s a nine. Your first one impacts one guy and there’s a splash of blood, silent. Once again, no sound here. The second one swings wide and the other guy captures it. He grabs your arm and pulls you in. He’s going to make an athletics check against you.",Athletics
Athletics,"attack, if you want. Yes. Okay. 25. 25 hits. Roll damage on that. Where was this? She’s a bad motherfucker. 18? 18 damage. Oof! You have a second attack, if you like. Oh, that’s a nine. Your first one impacts one guy and there’s a splash of blood, silent. Once again, no sound here. The second one swings wide and the other guy captures it. He grabs your arm and pulls you in. He’s going to make an athletics check against you.",Athletics
Athletics,"this side of Wildemount, it is a clear night. No sign of clouds. No sign of storm. In that moment, as you’re screaming out, the gag gets put into your mouth and tied behind your head. You glance over and you can see Jester being dragged. Now the manacles affixed to the back of her ankles and she’s being pulled through the grass, Fjord a few feet behind her. Still unable to really make out the shapes of these hooded figures that are pulling them through and you are shoved to the ground. Are my legs still free? Your ankles are about to be manacled. Can I kick?",Athletics
Athletics,"Are my legs still free? Your ankles are about to be manacled. Can I kick? Make another athletics check. 25. 25, all righty. With that, you manage to kick free and they can’t quite get ahold on it and one figure steps forward, shorter than the others, stout looking, and goes, ""Oh for the--"" and his voice dissipates as he gets closer. I need you to make another wisdom saving throw. 17. You’re still kicking and breaking free. They’re going to try to restrain you once more.",Athletics
Perception,"out for your evening's rest, your packs and tents ready to be reassembled... But it's just the four of you. Jester, I need some pocket bacon for breakfast. Jester? Jester-- oh, she's probably taking a dump in the woods. I think I have some pocket bacon still. Oh, can I have some? Yeah. It's a little moldy. Oh, that's even better. (eating noises) Okay. Fjord never came back after watch last night. I stand up and scan the area.",Perception
Investigation,"Yasha's stuff is still here? Yasha doesn't have much on her. Whatever she does have, she generally keeps on her, so she hasn't left anything behind. So there's nothing behind? Are their weapons here? You don't see any weapons. Yasha keeps her weapon on her at all times  Fjord, from what you understand, weirdly never seems to have need. But Jester's weapon is left next to the shield as well as you begin to rummage through. I'll take a swig to calm my morning nerves and start searching around to see if there's any notes or any signs of anything around.",Investigation
Investigation,"I'll take a swig to calm my morning nerves and start searching around to see if there's any notes or any signs of anything around. Make an investigation check. Okay. That's terrible. That's unbelievably bad. That's an eight. All right then. As you begin to rummage around in the nearby grasses, tossing over the remains of their left behind materials, even pushing through the fire just in case some of them may have fallen in, no sign. I'm going to check the road for fresh tracks, see if anything looks like it was disturbed.",Investigation
Investigation,"needed to cast it again-- Find Familiar-- but I'm going to turn Frumpkin into, uh... a peregrine falcon. Okay. Whoa. That was very specific for an ""uh"" to come before it. (laughs) So, as you are both losing yourselves amongst the nearby grasses, and trying to look for any sign of where they may have been, you are focusing on your spell. What are you doing, Beauregard? Can I see if I see any grass that's been laid down, like a direction that there might be people who have walked through?",Investigation
Perception,"one! We'll get them out now! In the time that you guys have begun to shout, you're continuing to shout their names out, and forge through the nearby grasses. Caleb, you complete your spell, and Frumpkin's form suddenly, slowly shifts, then, with a puff of steam and smoke, turns into the falcon. Lands on your shoulder. (caws) I know, I am sorry. I will change you back as fast as I can. I need you to look for the three that you do not see here. The green one, the blue one, and the goth one. Go! You watch as Frumpkin takes off into the sky and does a few loops. Go ahead and make a",Perception
Survival,"Can we follow those grooves? Yeah. You guys go ahead and follow these the best you can, eventually making your way to the outer side of the Crispvale Road, the path that you were on already, but a little ways north of where you were. And there you can see the grooves end, and a number of sets of heavy wagon wheels begin, or at least have previously pulled off the trail and then pushed themselves back onto the road. So it's impossible to tell if it's the same one? Can we see which direction those wagon tracks went in? It's hard to tell which direction wagon",Survival
Investigation,"Maybe they weren't targeting anyone specific, just coming to grab folks, and those were the ones that were awake, or closest to the road, or-- You'd take the three beefiest of a group of strangers? Well, they took the three ugliest ones. I mean, they left us. First, thank you. Second, they may have just taken the ones that were furthest away from the light. They just picked them off, maybe? You walk away from camp, that's what happens. I mean, it's not the biggest or strongest. It's the-- Wait. I'm going to examine the tracks for blood.",Perception
Perception,"No, just standard dark, dusted-over blood at this point. Censored video game blood. That means that they weren't bleeding when they were dragged, which means that either they were killed by vampires and all their blood was sucked out of them first, or they were still alive. And that blood was far away from our camp. Maybe they were just triggered by a sound that they heard, and they went to go investigate it. I'm going to freak out. Is there any trash or anything on the road? I'm just going to look for any--",Investigation
Stealth,"turn to Nott and Caleb, and I say, just stay back for a second. Back us up if we need it. Sure. So you've nocked your bolt into your crossbow for the first time. As it winds back, you crank it, and it slips into place. You hear this faint spring tension. Ooh! As you're preparing for this, Molly and Beau start rushing up. Yeah. I'm just going to be obvious. I flank. Okay, so you head off into the brush? Stealth.",Stealth
Perception,"enter? What?! Whoa! That was fast. This is Your Life! Ashly Burch joins us at the table. Hey, Ashly. Welcome. So Ashly, if you'd like to describe what Molly sees as he approaches? What Molly sees is a dwarven woman with a five o'clock shadow, a cigarette hanging out of her mouth, extremely battered, bloodied, rusted armor, full armor, and short, greasy hair. And she has a big ol' axe in one hand, and a big ol' hammer in the other. Does she see these folk now?",Investigation
History,"Hey, we're five! Yeah, kind of. We're probably a good three and a half, if we're being honest. Don't put yourself down like that. I'm sure you can hold your own. I'm talking about you mostly, sweet cheeks. There's five. Are they part of a larger organization, or are they off themselves? It's just them? They work for someone, a family in Shady Creek Run. They're powerful. They're mobsters! have I heard about this group, considering my background?",History
Perception,"Swimming in it. Yeah. Why are you hiding your face? I didn't leave with a lot of friends last time I was here. So I'm trying to keep a low profile. You're well disguised as a stoner's bedroom at the moment. A dragon on a sheet. Perfect, I'll fit right in. There you go. I guess I can lead, since I know where I'm going. Okay. You've traveled this path before, so it's well known. Who's keeping watch? I'll keep watch.",Stealth
Survival,"haven't-- you're basically having to go to the center and then back north, but you're on the road the whole time. Or if you wanted to skip past it, you'll travel a little slower-- basically a similar pace. But we won't encounter as many foes. Well you don't know. Okay. It just depends on your-- Are we trying to avoid people or-- I'm more than happy to kill something at this point. I've got some anger and aggression to work out. What's the faster route?",Insight
Investigation,pretty thrashed. There's nothing in here! Are there any books? I'm going to hop in there as well. I'll go take a look. Books! I'll look for you. We always know to look. I'm not going to look for boo-- Oh god. Are you looking for-- Keg sits down on one of the pieces of furniture. I also want to see if there's-- does it look like people have been in here recently?,Investigation
Investigation,There's nothing in here! Are there any books? I'm going to hop in there as well. I'll go take a look. Books! I'll look for you. We always know to look. I'm not going to look for boo-- Oh god. Are you looking for-- Keg sits down on one of the pieces of furniture. I also want to see if there's-- does it look like people have been in here recently? Well you make an investigation check on,Investigation
Perception,"correct? Yeah. All right, so Caleb-- you're having this moment where you're waiting as he's just poring over this tome and drawing a circle on the ground and inscribing strange symbols in the air. It doesn't make any sense. You're like, ""Ah, magic stuff."" Right. Want another drink? Yes. (pouring noise) Thank you. Bless you.",Perception
Stealth,"away from us, and I'm going to give it a good kick and jump off of it. And head towards the tree line with everybody else. I'm going to head it away from us. Okay. Your horse begins to head in a southward direction. I'm staying where I am, and I'm taking out my battleaxe and my warhammer. I'm going, ""Come ""out, you piece of shit!"" So you're staying by the house? Yeah. I'm staying in the house, and I'm going to cover myself up with some detritus of different chairs and things, near the window. I'm hiding.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"there. Pretty much right to the edge of where that is there. So I can't get up on any of these boys? I'll say because a horse doesn't get any attack on-- and it would normally get an action, I'll let the horse dash. Ey! That's nice. So that'll get you right up next to this one. Okay. So can I leap off the horse and come down with the axe? Yes! Yeah. Just for the hell of it, make an",Acrobatics
Medicine,"pull it out. If you squeeze and twist, you can make it stand up again and you can make the arms move. Technically-- (singing) Hello my baby! You guys nasty, I like it. Does anybody have a Wet-Nap? Use the ground. I'm going to take off running after the horses to see if I can catch up with them. Okay. Please check on Water Closet! This is a dead horse or can it be revived?",Medicine
Medicine,"If you squeeze and twist, you can make it stand up again and you can make the arms move. Technically-- (singing) Hello my baby! You guys nasty, I like it. Does anybody have a Wet-Nap? Use the ground. I'm going to take off running after the horses to see if I can catch up with them. Okay. Please check on Water Closet! This is a dead horse or can it be revived? You can go ahead and make a medicine check.",Medicine
Medicine,"Use the ground. I'm going to take off running after the horses to see if I can catch up with them. Okay. Please check on Water Closet! This is a dead horse or can it be revived? You can go ahead and make a medicine check. I'm going to make a medicine check for my horse. Does it have Jester's shield on it? Didn't we leave the shield? No, the shield was strapped onto one of the horses.",Medicine
Medicine,"Please check on Water Closet! This is a dead horse or can it be revived? You can go ahead and make a medicine check. I'm going to make a medicine check for my horse. Does it have Jester's shield on it? Didn't we leave the shield? No, the shield was strapped onto one of the horses. My medicine check is nine. You're not sure but it looks dire. Can I check? Sure, if you want to go ahead and step up to",Medicine
Medicine,"Nott, you do manage to catch up to the other horses. They didn't go full sprint into infinity. They slowed down and once they got a safe distance from the action-- you manage to recover two of them. There's still your horse by the house  you still have three horses. Check Water Closet. John, Crapper, and Toilet. Water Closet's dead. Oh, he's very dead. You can go check. Water Closet is possibly new pocket jerky at this point. We can go check Water Closet I guess?",Medicine
Nature,"I have a dagger. Here, use mine. I do have a dagger. I shoot out the globules of light to float around the corpse. And I put my goggles on. Safety first. It's very bright. Super bright. Super bright right now. Pull up the hood and I buckle myself up. I take my scarf from around my waist and tie it around me for a facemask. You can do this, and I walk twenty feet back. I will say, because of your understanding of its body from extracting the aspects of it, do you",Medicine
Medicine,"I have a dagger. Here, use mine. I do have a dagger. I shoot out the globules of light to float around the corpse. And I put my goggles on. Safety first. It's very bright. Super bright. Super bright right now. Pull up the hood and I buckle myself up. I take my scarf from around my waist and tie it around me for a facemask. You can do this, and I walk twenty feet back. I will say, because of your understanding of its body from extracting the aspects of it, do you",Medicine
Athletics,"Oh, well, we can make some more headway on the road and then go at full dark. We could camp at full dark. Wherever we happen to find ourselves. Are we within range of the forests? Yes, about here is where the forest begins, and that is where you began your confrontation. You're right on the edge of the forest. I think we should continue to make time as well. Okay. Can I climb a tree and do I see anything on the horizon in where we're going, like another tree clearing that looks like it might be up ahead?",Athletics
Perception,"effortlessly diving through this forest. Keg is aroused. Whatever you cast on me, Caleb, is like... I feel so good! It's gone. But the lingering effects, you know, I'm in the afterglow! The afterglow of Haste. It was just tea. We just gave you tea to smoke, it wasn't really... (laughter) Herbal tea, man. Just chamomile tea. So relaxed. You make it up into the canopy. Make a",Persuasion
Stealth,"We got to act right now. What does the woman look like? I'm going to groggily stumble over, put on my googles as I start stumbling towards the light. She looked dead. She did not look natural. I'm going to stay 30 feet behind and try and stealth. Beauregard, you're leading up? Yeah, I'm going to walk and I'm like: It's bright enough, and I got to pee anyway. I'll be right back. So not stealthing? Maybe you should not go first. Okay, no, I'll stealth a little bit.",Stealth
Stealth,"I'm going to stay 30 feet behind and try and stealth. Beauregard, you're leading up? Yeah, I'm going to walk and I'm like: It's bright enough, and I got to pee anyway. I'll be right back. So not stealthing? Maybe you should not go first. Okay, no, I'll stealth a little bit. Roll a stealth check, Beau. Okay. That was almost good. 11. Who else is following Beau? I'm going to not follow, but go off to the side and try to go around the other way.",Stealth
Stealth,"house. A short rest-- You didn't call it out. But he was on first watch. I happily went, ""I get to use arcane recovery"" in my head because of the conversation that was happening. I will allow a short rest before you guys went to bed. It's fine, I'll allow it. 16. Thank you, Matt. The two of you have branched off and are stealthing, you think. What are you doing, Caleb? I wanted to go with Nott, about 20 feet behind, and cast Mage Armor as I go.",Stealth
Stealth,"Whoa! That die never does that for me. You did this last time. You're not human! The anti-Wheaton has been found. You can't come back! You can never touch Wil Wheaton, or you guys will cancel each other out like the bad guy in Time Cop. Oh my god. Strangely, the stealthiest of all of you is the dwarf in plate armor. Amazing. It's lubricated with all the blood of her enemies. Exactly. All right, Molly, you're staying 30 feet back? I'm staying 30 feet back and attempting",Stealth
Persuasion,"Yes. 15? You feel some sort of magical force suddenly penetrate your mind, and this sparkle of colors begin to spray in front of your face that completely distract you and obscure your vision momentarily, but you blink out of it and find the effect drift off of your brain. The old woman goes ""(panting),"" and reaches down and puts herself in front of the boy, between you and the child. Yeah, I'm not bad. I'm not one of the bad guys... That you were definitely talking about. That I'm aware of, right? What bad guys are you talking about?",Persuasion
Insight,"""They were lucky."" We'll see. ""Had you been awake, you might have had the urge or instinct to defend them."" Well, we're making our way to see if something can be done. Yeah. ""Well, you're as brave as Nila."" Nila? She's the one going after them? ""She was. I don't know where she is or if she has fared well-- if they've found her. I think she overestimates her capability."" What was her son's name? ""Her son was Dua.""",Insight
Perception,"small wooden pikes that are jammed into the side and some squirrel-like critters that are hanging on them that are put towards the fire, cooking. As you awaken, Ombo turns and smiles. Doesn't say anything, but looks over and inspects them and then brings them back and hands them out to you. It's breakfast. I will definitely take some. I'll take one. Yes, thank you. Do you understand what I am saying? Do you speak? Is his ward awake? You don't see her at the moment, but you do hear a bit of rustling in the actual little hovel in the tree archway.",Perception
Perception,"in the tree archway. Can I make a perception check around to make sure everything is copacetic? You can. 16. You notice that the horses have actually been brought closer. They've been hitched together to one of the local stumps, to the circle here. It seems that in your rest, your very deep rest through the evening, a lot of things have been tended to and taken care of in your presence. They've got turn-down service here. As part of your long rest, and the tea which you took in the evening, you do have advantage on",Perception
Sleight of Hand,"All things being equal. ""Anyway. I thank you. Ombo thanks you. And--"" I look at the kid. Is he freaked out by the way I look? Is he--? No, not at all. I'm going to go down and try something. He does have a giant owl on his shoulder and is currently preoccupied with the owl. I'm going to try this. I haven't tried this yet. I'm going to hold up the moon card, and I'm going to try and do a sleight of hand trick and flip it to one of my little moon trinkets, moon baubles.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"Do I die on the spot? Disadvantage on your checks. On ability checks, that's all. And you're hangry. That's my secret, Taliesin. I'm always hangry. As the sky grows dark, the still gray clouds that have taken the sky overhead, the temperature is dropping significantly. It looks like it's going to be a particularly cold night. Do you wish to continue pushing on? Along the way, do we see anything that looks like a good alcove or somewhere that would be nice?",Perception
Perception,"that would give you safe and out of the public eye. Does it look like if we push a little bit further, there's any change in terrain? There's only one way to find out. Even in far distance? You can travel for another hour. Yeah, there's a way to do that. Want to do one more hour and call it? Or Owl Boy. He's hangry. We could push it, too. I'm good. Let's send the owl. Okay. Five minute little fly-ahead?",Perception
Perception,"It's terrible. It's perception, was that what I was doing? Five. At this distance, it looks like it's straight, moving, rolling hills and bursts of stone. It's getting dark out here, and I'm tired. If we can find a stone for cover, maybe. I'll take watch. We'll set up a proper camp. I'll take watch with Keg. Great. Before I go to sleep, I do the silver thread. First watch is you two. Do you wish to",Perception
Perception,"You gave me the heaviest shit first though! That's what you wanted, I thought! Of course! (yelling) We're trying to sleep for gods' sakes! (hoot owl call) Well, this has been fun. Yeah, I'm up too. Molly, you want to take next watch? Let's take the next one. All right. Yeah, I'm going to fucking bed. All right. So, Molly and Beau taking the second watch, would you mind deciding who's making",Perception
Perception,"Yeah... anyway. To not quite being the worst people. Cheers. Cheers. Night. Just maybe don't have a job that relies on relationships, either. That's very fair. Public opinion-- They really had it coming. Yeah. The rest of your watch goes uneventful, leaving to Caleb the final watch. I'll take this myself.",Perception
Perception,"and you can see a cluster of horses and a couple of carts heading your direction, heading southward. You're not quite there yet, but you're getting close to where the direction you should continue on breaks off of Glory Run, but you're still on the road. You do see a small caravan making their way southward in your direction. Once they get a little closer, let's slow down and walk to the side of the road and take a look at this. Okay. You guys move off to the side. Can I tell from looking at the cart if there's anything off about it?",Perception
Perception,"bring common supplies, things from the northern side, bringing them southward. It looks like they have supplied up for a trade run and they're heading southward. As they ride past you guys to the right side, they give a nod. Caleb, should I go check them out? The next rider gives a nod. They're not who we're looking for. Oh, okay. You can if you want to. Are they suspicious? Not from what I can see. What kind of traders do they look like? What are they trading in?",Perception
Perception,"Not from what I can see. What kind of traders do they look like? What are they trading in? With the perception roll you made, it's hard to see because they've covered it specifically. You can see underneath edges and pieces that are pushing out, and the shape in places. It looks like they're bringing farming supplies. It looks like they're bringing possibly grains and foods. It looks like things that would be easy pickings. They're not the kind of people that can defend it, so it's maintain mystery and keep pushing. All right. We can go. Okay. You continue on. On this next leg of",Perception
Perception,"like they're bringing possibly grains and foods. It looks like things that would be easy pickings. They're not the kind of people that can defend it, so it's maintain mystery and keep pushing. All right. We can go. Okay. You continue on. On this next leg of your journey, we're riding on your perception roll off the road, your natural 20. I'll let that stand for a bit. The pace that you've been keeping on this without being kept by your cart has gained you quite a bit of ground and about another two hours or so into this afternoon, your eyes catch another cluster of carts facing the same direction you are.",Perception
Perception,"The spell comes to a close now because you have fulfilled the suggestion. Ah, you guys are assholes. We told you that. That's fair. We said that multiple times. Can we see if it's them? Yeah, how? Can you go owl it out? Yeah, lay low. We're starting to get a plan. I plant my hand on Nott's head and go into Frumpkin's eyesight and send him up there. Okay. Frumpkin takes off and begins to coast at a fair enough distance to keep an eye down. Make a",Perception
Stealth,"So keeping your distance behind them, pulling your pace back to just the normal, even slow pace, it's up to you. Probably normal to keep in pace with them. At a medium pace. It was going to happen eventually. You're gross, Marisha. I'm the worst. About a few more hours, sundown hits, we'll say for the purposes of the narrative here. They pull off to the side of the road and begin to set up camp. Keeping an eye on this in the distance, you watch them. Keeping far enough away, making sure you're not in eyeshot of them, as part of",Stealth
Stealth,"with them. At a medium pace. It was going to happen eventually. You're gross, Marisha. I'm the worst. About a few more hours, sundown hits, we'll say for the purposes of the narrative here. They pull off to the side of the road and begin to set up camp. Keeping an eye on this in the distance, you watch them. Keeping far enough away, making sure you're not in eyeshot of them, as part of that, I will say two of you helm a stealth check to see whether or not they see you on the road behind them. Yeah, it'll be the two of you.",Stealth
Athletics,"some chops and then-- Yeah, you can do that angle-- --it can block the other half. --you can do that angle so that you can just hit it and know which side it will fall to-- Sure. Do I have to roll anything-- You can stick a branch in there-- --to smack it with my axe? To controlled-- To controlled smack it with my axe? I'm so powerful. You can certainly try. What do I roll?",Athletics
Stealth,"(laughter) Actually, all of these tree pieces were sent by our friends at Steamforge as gifts. I was like, ""I get to use these at some point,"" and you guys are using them tonight. Falling and snapping right at the front half of the cart, breaking through. I'm going to give Protto an attempt to try and dodge out of the way. He succeeds with a dexterity saving throw, because he's quite dexterous. He jumps back into the front of the cart, and you watch his lower half vanish as he stops there. Am I revealed, or am I hidden by the stump? You don't know. Actually, that's a valid",Perception
Acrobatics,"stepped through part of a doorway. On the inside, you see a very sweaty human man who is gagged and leaned up against the cage like, (whines). He looks up towards you. That's all I've got. That's all you've got. Can you get a little bit more around the-- or is that all your movement? I'm sure I pushed as far as I could. Okay. I'm probably more than 40 feet away from the druid? You can just get to the druid at 40 feet. (counting) You do have to get down there. Sweet jump.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"very much elements of his profession, or at least reminding you what he does. So the oil weirdly does make it strangely erotic. It's your turn, you have 25 feet of movement, so that'll only get you about five squares of movement. Okay, I'm going to run. I'm going to run-- Away? Away. Jesus. Ugh, you're the worst! I'm roleplaying! Are you running towards the action or away from it? I'll run towards this-- no, I'm going to run towards those horses. I'm going to run that way.",Acrobatics
Stealth,"Nope! That's a three. You can't push through it  the cages are too close. The small gap there, you try to muscle it, but there are two to three people in each cage, and you can't push though. Can I use my bonus action to-- Jesus, what can I do for my bonus action? I can't hide. Can I hide? You could try, you're partially obscured. I got nothing else to do on a bonus action. So yeah, I will try to hide. Lorenzo's eyeing him right now, you said? I'll go on the side of the cart and-- Lorenzo's eyeing in that direction. I'll hide off the side of the cart.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"I have my bonus. Can I move and then attack again? Yeah, if you want to. Or you could hit them while they're down and help them bleed out. I thought about that, but I have enough movement that I can make it to the barbarian, right? You could. Are you going to handle Lorenzo? Who's going to handle Lorenzo? (shouting) Who's going to handle Lorenzo? Fuck! I'm going to jump over the horses' asses and get to Lorenzo. You are. Oh dear.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"is going late, but I want to see how this turns out. We've been gone for two weeks. Consider it a bonus episode. There's no way I can make it to Lorenzo from here, is there? It's possible. Not anymore. You can climb over the cart if you want to. I'm going to get my ass kicked if I get there. I'm going to try and engage the barbarian before raging happens. It's up to you. God damn it. Fuck it, if you're in with Lorenzo, I'm going for Lorenzo.",Acrobatics
Persuasion,"situations before. What are you going to do? Can I reach them with my speed? Can you reach who? Lorenzo and Beau. No. How close can I get? With the tree there, about there is as close as you can get. You can use your action to move, but you wouldn't be able to do anything else. But I can talk to him? You can. You move up over the log, and it gets you there. I say: Stop! Stop! Make me the example. Stop. Just stop attacking them.",Persuasion
Perception,"Oh, you are a horse! Of course. I can turn into a horse once more. But if I do, I think that is the last time I can do it today. Until you take a rest. Until my next rest. Horse nap. As you guys gather up onto your horses, Keg takes the lead and you all begin your trek northward once more. Both memory of Mollymauk behind you on one shoulder, and the image of the face of your vengeance before you. You continue on your journey for the next hour or so before you catch a glance, Keg, at the road above. You see three shapes in the road.",Perception
Perception,"I can turn into a horse once more. But if I do, I think that is the last time I can do it today. Until you take a rest. Until my next rest. Horse nap. As you guys gather up onto your horses, Keg takes the lead and you all begin your trek northward once more. Both memory of Mollymauk behind you on one shoulder, and the image of the face of your vengeance before you. You continue on your journey for the next hour or so before you catch a glance, Keg, at the road above. You see three shapes in the road. Can I perception check it?",Perception
Medicine,"thirties or so. They are all slain, but there is no sign of traumatic wounds or any damage to their body, though they are damp. Damp? Damp. Is it snowing-- Is there snow on the ground? There is snow on the ground. You can see there's bits that are gathered on them. Why would they just be left in the road? Caleb has told us all of this? Yes. I am going to scout up ahead and see if I recognize them.",Medicine
Perception,"Eventually the light of the sky begins to grow dim as the evening calls to you, at which point the flurry has come. The snow begins to get heavier, the darkness is darker than normal at dusk and the air gets bitter cold. What do you wish to do to set camp? Do we still have the tents? Did we keep the tents? We have the tents. We've taken everything, yeah. Can I see through the dark with my night vision? You can see up to a 60-foot distance I believe, and it's a dim light. Are there any structures around?",Perception
Perception,"moment to walk around, you do see one hill that has a bank that is eroded, and there is a bit of an outcropping that may be about three or four feet outward. If you were to all crowd in, it might be able to prevent piercing wind and/or continuous snowfall, but it would be pretty cozy. Do you guys feel like cuddling? Share body heat, keeps us warmer. Ugh. I'll keep watch. I'm kind of wide, so you'll have more room. Okay. Let's cuddle. You guys gather up here on the underside of this outcropping of the hill. Who's taking first",Perception
Perception,"spoon-like position at times, you glance out and see a few shapes moving past. You see a few stars blink out as shadows move past. You quietly lean forward and begin to inspect and your eyes focus at the outset of your darkvision. You notice a small set of goats that are roving the plain, making their way. The snow is falling and they're trying to find themselves to warmer climate. Were-goats. You don't know that. ASHLY. Dangerous, violent were-goats. You don't find any other threat or anything during your watch. Next watch? I'll take it.",Perception
Perception,"thankful, at this moment, that you found this outcropping in Keg's vision, because the distant hills that are open are now heavily piling with this soft, powdered snow. It's starting to fall and the wind is pushing through and some of it's hitting the left side of your face. It's starting to go a little numb and you have to brush it off every now and then and try to do your best to dry up the biting cold water that is melting against your cheek. Nevertheless, your watch comes to an end without an issue. Who wants to take the final watch? I will. You and me, goblina. Sure.",Perception
Stealth,"up. Sorry, out of character. Excuse me. Let's see! It's a dick man with a drink. (laughter) It was a me and Laura collab. Somebody was talking, having a moment. Then you draw a dick man. I'll make myself look like Rissa. Okay, perfect. Because I know that one. Rissa and Robert Duvall. Those of you who are trying to be inconspicuous, which would be Beau and Keg, go",Stealth
Deception,"entirely certain he's telling the truth or not, but seems honest enough. ""Lord Anselm does pass through on occasion, but he's not here today. The ""rest of them I'm sure are busy with their own business, but if I see any of them, I could ask, ""see if they're being summoned by-- what is your name?"" It's, um-- The Mighty Nein? I'm trying to come up with a fake name. Oh. Rick. Nailed it. Rick is my name.",Deception
Insight,"Oh. Not right now, but when we are-- ja. Well, I imagine we should also be listening carefully right now, as well as then. ""That works as well, but--"" What's wrong with them? What should we know? ""Nothing. They're gracious employers, I enjoy my time here, but just listen carefully. I'm ""trying to help, that's all. Good day! Be off, be off!"" No, I know, but why? We haven't paid you-- okay. It's very enigmatic, but we will-- okay. ""Good luck."" Takes a little glass of tea and sips it.",Insight
History,"mercenaries for the war. Okay. Coasting around the north side. You tell the group to make a wide berth outside of the trench. Which is on the northern end of the plaza. Following the directive of Keelyn you start weaving toward what's called North Clover. Clover Street, you've now begun to note is the large central street that is the one throughline of the entire city. It runs all around the treeline of the Savalierwood. It's strange and not straight in places, and it was designed to follow the southern border of this forest. The northern side of it, North Clover is built directly into this forest.",History
History,"Okay. Coasting around the north side. You tell the group to make a wide berth outside of the trench. Which is on the northern end of the plaza. Following the directive of Keelyn you start weaving toward what's called North Clover. Clover Street, you've now begun to note is the large central street that is the one throughline of the entire city. It runs all around the treeline of the Savalierwood. It's strange and not straight in places, and it was designed to follow the southern border of this forest. The northern side of it, North Clover is built directly into this forest. You know-- Make a history check, actually. Caleb,",History
Nature,"almost a decaying sense to its meeting between grey and purple. It's beautiful in light, and then when it hits the ground it almost looks like it's bereft of life. You don't understand the nature of this enchantment, whatever this curse may be that you've heard of. Nila. Is there something wrong with the soil here or something? Do you know anything about this? I don't like the look of it. Feels bad. Do I have something that can tell? Do you know? (laughter) Well, you're not familiar with this where you are from? No, no.",Nature
Nature,"grey and purple. It's beautiful in light, and then when it hits the ground it almost looks like it's bereft of life. You don't understand the nature of this enchantment, whatever this curse may be that you've heard of. Nila. Is there something wrong with the soil here or something? Do you know anything about this? I don't like the look of it. Feels bad. Do I have something that can tell? Do you know? (laughter) Well, you're not familiar with this where you are from? No, no. You could do a general nature check.",Nature
Perception,"still brims with health. It also off-puts you. You get chills and you don't know why. I don't need to check my smell bag for this. All right. I think stink pouch is still my favorite phrase. Stink pouch, fine. No, smell bag is great. Odor sack? It's somehow worse than stink pouch as far as what it evokes. Sniff nuts. Are there any animals?",Investigation
Animal Handling,"What was the name of the forest? Ooh, it hit that, does that count? Can I roll again? It still counts, yeah, unfortunately. Eight. You don't see anything specifically. You do hear birds, so it isn't bereft of wildlife. At least you get the sense that there is at least a symbiotic relationship with some wildlife in the bit of the forest you've been in. I'd love to take one of my goodberries to draw one of the birds and see if I might talk with it and see if it could tell us anything about before.",Animal Handling
Persuasion,"The one that's sitting, stands up and puts his crossbow like-- ready, not pointing it at you, but-- Ja. We are good here. ""What is your intent here?"" We have been traveling a great distance. We are here to speak, if you don't mind, we have a message for Ophelia Mardun. It can only be heard by her. We have been charged with this message and no funny business. I hope that we could impart our message and be done. ""I can take your message and pass it on!"" Would you tell her that a very refined gentleman from the south would like to pass his regards to her.",Persuasion
Perception,"a motion over to the other guard who's finished eating, who's also pulled the shortbow off the shoulder and has knocked an arrow into it. Gives a whistle and the doors to the estate open, and you watch as three more guards emerge with crossbows, and one with a heavy crossbow at the ready. They all keep them at the ready, very close eye. One of them begins to patrol the outside of the building. You get the sense immediately that there's a general anxiety and tension at this space when strangers approach. They're being very careful. Can I look around, do I see anybody who's hidden, watching from windows up above, anything that looks like we're being watched?",Perception
Insight,"are the help that he sent. Timely, three days ""earlier would have been better, but here we are. I shall not fret on it. Thank you for coming. Be at ""ease, go watch the back walls, make sure nobody tries to sneak in while we're talking."" The guards all scatter, except for two who stay posted at each side of the door behind you. ""How much have ""you been told?"" (small laugh) Not very much. You watch as her eyes looks you from head to toe and her tongue runs across her lip a bit. ""(sighs) I've had an open line of shipments to Zadash, through our mutual friend for some time, ""made a beneficial arrangement for many years.""",Insight
Insight,"shall not fret on it. Thank you for coming. Be at ""ease, go watch the back walls, make sure nobody tries to sneak in while we're talking."" The guards all scatter, except for two who stay posted at each side of the door behind you. ""How much have ""you been told?"" (small laugh) Not very much. You watch as her eyes looks you from head to toe and her tongue runs across her lip a bit. ""(sighs) I've had an open line of shipments to Zadash, through our mutual friend for some time, ""made a beneficial arrangement for many years."" Can I do an insight check? Did it look like she cast a spell just then?",Insight
Persuasion,"""your name?"" Keg. ""Keg, I know that name."" I used to work for them. Not anymore. At which point you hear the guards behind (cocking crossbow). The crossbows go back up into position. You glance over your shoulder to see them both pointed-- ""What assurances can I have ""that I not need strike you down where you stand?"" You don't have any, but I have a lot of information about them. We just killed one of them. Oh, that's true. That's better. We killed one of them.",Persuasion
Perception,"back with the bright white teeth against the darkened skin. ""Do not disappoint me. I can be very frustrated when I'm disappointed."" Turns back and makes her way back up the steps. We're left with guards? Two guards, yes. All right, good fellows, would you escort us out and point us in the right direction? They wordlessly walk and lead you around through a dining chamber back to a small storage-- it'd be kitchen adjacent, though you don't see a kitchen yet. You can smell that musty scent of stored oats and grains, rice. Did I see any books on the way out?",Perception
Survival,"that vines have completely taken over. The vines themselves, a similar purple-grayish color as to the rest of the leaves. A lot of the foliage seems to fall into that same coloration. Not all of it, but a lot of it. It seems to cross multiple types of vegetation. As you're escorted from this room, the two guards give a nod, close it behind you. The old man goes and sits back, puts his bench up against the knotted base of a thick tree that's growing out of the ground where you had emerged from. Leans against it, grabs a jug and sits and looks at you. Can I tell where The Sour Nest would be from here?",Survival
Stealth,"One moment, it will take effect soon. Oh. End that way. Keep it down. Let's go. It does warm your belly, and that warmth spreads through your torso and it's-- whenever Jester has come and pulled you from the edge of death with a spell, it's a fragment of that warmth from the inside of your torso. 'Member? 'Member berries. 'Member Jester? 'Member clerics? Oh yeah, I 'member. Following Keg through the wood, I would like",Perception
Stealth,"(whispering) There is a very large black bear ahead of us, with bones coming out of its butt and stuff and it has just laid down for a nap. (whispering) We have to be very quiet. (whispering) Can you do that thing again? That makes us all stealthy? (whispering) Yes, of course. (whispering) So we can all sneak by? (barely audible) I would like to cast Pass Without a Trace. (laughter) Okay. With that addition, everyone roll",Stealth
Stealth,"(whispering) Yes, of course. (whispering) So we can all sneak by? (barely audible) I would like to cast Pass Without a Trace. (laughter) Okay. With that addition, everyone roll another stealth check, since you are taking the bonus there. What are we going to do? 23. Don't fuck me, Gil. Eh, fuck you, Gil. Is that with the plus ten? Without, so I'm at 33. But you do have heavy armor, so you do have",Stealth
Perception,"Okay, so, Frumpkin makes it up. Tree, waits a moment, tree. The one guard you see doing the perimeter notices. I tell him telepathically to just chill and sit there for a while. After a minute or so, the guard just keeps looking out. Jumpy. From Frumpkin's view, down inside, you can see the exterior of this. There is a large collection of brown wood kegs and a couple of small crates that contain materials that you're unaware of. You can see there are two entrances, one at the front and one at the back of the building. There are not windows, but small holes put into the wood and from the inside-- Actually,",Perception
Perception,"Perception, you say? 22. 22. Looking through these curved window ports about that big, essentially large enough to look through and fire through, but small enough to not really allow a person to push through. You can see there's about two inches of stone, so it is a stone structure that has wood as a decorated exterior to it, so it's pretty solid. Down inside, you do see about six horses that are hitched on the back side of it and two carts and a third one that is currently being repaired. Those are our carts! How many people do I see down inside? There's one up top on the wall. You now see",Perception
Perception,"over, and is going to take a shot. Take your shot. Natural five! It's going to put it at a nine. I'm pretty sure that doesn't hit. Does not hit my owl. (arrow hissing) ""Eh, shit,"" you hear muttered over the side. Seems bored and wanted to shoot at something that looked interesting. You hear beside you: Arschloch. There you are in the courtyard now. I want to go toward-- My terrible map of what I think based on what he drew. It's not bad. Immediately glancing around,",Perception
Stealth,"way up here. Boss shouldn't've been so careless with that, but I mean, I'm not going to tell him that. You know, it's frustrating."" The women finishes a bite and a big swig of her glass. ""Yeah, well, you got to break some eggs, sometimes."" Like she's making some big pontification, some big statement. He goes, ""Wise words,"" and keeps drinking and they go into a quiet state, but there's two of them now present. You do know that at least they've returned and there are some present inside. It does not appear that there's any other entrance downward. There's a secondary door on the opposite end. Go to the secondary door.",Perception
Perception,"so I go toward the trapdoor, see if I can't get in. Make a strength check in your mouse form. Try and squeeze under? This is when a natural 20 is-- aw. Nine, that's a nine. Yeah, no. I'll put that at a minus four. Your mouse isn't strong enough to budge the door that is currently-- There might be a hole in the floor or something else. I feel like that's the key, but I want to keep looking to see how many Iron Shepherds there may be in any other location that I haven't explored.",Perception
Perception,"cover everything and gather as much of the layout. We'll say as you move into one of the other rooms, the next two, you do notice that there are two other chambers. This upper floor is divided into three different chambers. There is the wide one that has the four beds, there's one that has two other beds, and there's one that has a singular large bed. This one room is almost like a master bedroom. You gather this is probably the room that Lorenzo sleeps in. It's a wider bed. It has, of all the other middling elements of comfort, this one comparatively is more extravagant, more comfortable. The layers of cushions-- A Dwendalian king.",Perception
Stealth,"Do I know what kind of meat? There is a skull. A tiny skull. Oh boy. That's not good. An animal? Not animal. I'm almost about to squeak three times but I'm going to hold it together. I want to get out now. You make your way down off the side of the bed and into the hallway and begin to turn around towards the staircase down. As you begin to descend the staircase, you hear heavy footsteps making their way towards the base of the stairs. (thumping sounds) You hear the shifting of",Perception
Stealth,"looming up, towards the muscled form of a tired, but intent to peruse his domain, Lorenzo, making his way up the same staircase. No glaive in his hands. As you step up, you manage to wait for the right moment, hiding in the shadow of the step. As his legs cross over, you dart down to make your way, and he doesn't see a thing. You make your way back down into the main entryway to this, back out under the main entrance under the door. You are now in the courtyard. You head on over to the barrels. Yes! Squeak, squeak, squeak! Come get me! Frumpkin has kept watch, specifically sees the mouse return. Darts down and snatches you up",Stealth
Stealth,"Well, I like the idea of an extra hand or two to back us up, but I also agree with you. We go in at night and try to take the guards out, who are watching quietly, hopefully. If that is the case, we can go in and get our friends, and if we do that successfully, then we can burn these ones in their sleep. Again with the burning thing. Write what you know. So. Let's search around and see if we can search the woods. Do a perimeter check? Perimeter check. Looking for secret entrances!",Stealth
History,"a healer-- That would be amazing, though. I mean healing potions are nice, but we need someone who can-- we get killed a lot or nearly, you know? Yeah. I've seen some pretty badass priests in my day. Do I have any sense of-- You have? She mentioned some of the kooky ones out in the woods, right? Yeah, she mentioned a Blooming Grove. Do I have any sense of what that is? You've not necessarily heard of The Blooming",History
Survival,"please? Oh, also are our horses dead? No, we can take the horses. It wouldn't speed us up, but at least we'd be on horses. You can take them with you. But it wouldn't speed us up, because it's the woods? Because it's like a thick wood. Let's walk. Okay. Who's up front? Who's in the back? Who's guiding what? Would I know better, potentially, where I'm going? Should I be in front? Or have I never been to this? It depends. Whoever wants to guide this will",Survival
Survival,"Beau in the middle? Nott, do you want the middle? Yes, please. There you go. I'll put Frumpkin there, next to-- okay. Fuh-wumpkin. Taking this moment now, you begin to head back away from Shadycreek, and helming this group of ragtag adventures you've under your wing. You tread into an area of the Savalierwood you've not traveled before hoping that your instincts, your smell bag, and the spirit of what nature has managed to maintain itself through this corrupted wood could guide you properly to your destination.",Survival
Perception,"begins to be not quite as biting cold, slightly warmer with each step. Looking around immediately, the first thing that catches your eye is this large wall of tangled vine and thorns. The same purplish-gray color. The green is still ahead of you. Do you guys want to continue on? Anything you want to do? You said there's a wall of thorns? It looks like a natural wall that curls up about five or so feet. In our way. In your way, yes. How far to the sides does it go? As far as the eye can see?",Perception
Perception,"placed long ago, that has since been slowly taken back by nature. You then begin to see that area of the wall that you had noticed, Nott, that had seemed to be bending, and the vines have actually curled over and bent it downward. It seems that whatever this little section of the forest is-- whatever protective magics that once contained this outer vicinity have begun to give in to the corruption of the Savalierwood. Should we hop the fence? One moment. I send Frumpkin up to flit about 50 feet ahead to see if there is anything ahead, or from a bird's eye view that we are unable to detect.",Perception
Investigation,"You mean the tapestry? The tapestry. I know it might hurt it, but if we drape it over-- We buried him with it. Oh, that's right. But that's a good idea. You want to go back? I could try to hack at it with my axe. Could an animal jump over it? Yeah. You guys could attempt to climb and leap over. Elements of it are thorned and jagged. This is what I used to do to hop fences back in the day. I look for a few broken-down branches that might be my height.",Investigation
Nature,"over it, we can't go under it. Ten. That's fair. It takes you a few minutes and you find a couple of softer pieces of branch and vine that have fallen to the corruption. It's interesting  you touch them and they're supple like vines, but they're gray and freezing to the touch. It's a very weird, unnatural feeling, but it seems supple. Before I do anything with it, I take it over to Nila. Nila, have you seen any type of blight on a plant like this before? Do you know what this is? It's cold, feel it. You're right. Do I know what this is?",Nature
Nature,"Ten. That's fair. It takes you a few minutes and you find a couple of softer pieces of branch and vine that have fallen to the corruption. It's interesting  you touch them and they're supple like vines, but they're gray and freezing to the touch. It's a very weird, unnatural feeling, but it seems supple. Before I do anything with it, I take it over to Nila. Nila, have you seen any type of blight on a plant like this before? Do you know what this is? It's cold, feel it. You're right. Do I know what this is? Make a nature check.",Nature
Perception,"I take the branches and I try to lay them down over the vines a little bit and give a little less thorny of a ramp. You lean them up against it and slowly they bow over. Look, they hook all on their own, that's pretty good. Good job, Beau. Thank you, look at that! We could try to throw you. I guess it might make more sense to throw you, but I don't want to-- No, you can throw me, sure. Caleb starts to climb over.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"As you carefully place your hands across the elements of vine and root, you manage to keep a keen glance for any sort of bladed, thorned, or hooked elements that protrude from the local fauna. You manage to avoid any of them from catching your coat, catching your flesh, and step, leaping over to the opposite side without issue. That's amazing! He's amazing. Nobody was aware I was panicked the whole time. The thorns are almost like small razors. I'm coming! Careful. I'm just going to dash over. You're just going to dash over? Make an",Acrobatics
Investigation,"boundaries, eventually making your way into the central area of the Blooming Grove. The term now striking a bell as you look around and can see these beautiful flowers as the sun rays hit and pass. It's like the color flares up once the light hits it and then seems to gray as it passes on. You now stand, temperature much warmer, and there's just that stone structure ahead. How far away is the structure? From where you're standing on the interior of it, about 40 or so feet. On the tombstones that are around, do I recognize any of the language, or can I tell how old some of these gravesites are?",Investigation
Stealth,"So should I go knock on that door? Is there a door? There is a door, yes. Hold on. How big a place is the door place? The door itself is maybe four feet wide, it's a single door. It's an old wood-- the bottom half of it is green with growing moss and other bits of vegetation that are set in to the relatively damp wood that it's constructed from. The top seems to be split and warped a little bit over time due to the moisture in the air. Caleb tries to creep up to a gravestone and hide behind it to get within 30 feet of the door.",Investigation
Perception,"The door itself is maybe four feet wide, it's a single door. It's an old wood-- the bottom half of it is green with growing moss and other bits of vegetation that are set in to the relatively damp wood that it's constructed from. The top seems to be split and warped a little bit over time due to the moisture in the air. Caleb tries to creep up to a gravestone and hide behind it to get within 30 feet of the door. Okay, make a stealth check. On the roof or the top of the-- sorry. Nine. On the roof or top of the structure, are there any holes or anything?",Stealth
Stealth,"There are windows. You can only really see the front and right side of it, the southeast side of it from your perspective-- there is a single window. It is an arched window that looks like it may have been built at one point to hold glass or stained glass, but it is no longer there. You can see the soft, jungle-like flora at the base of it has swooped up and grown over and into the interior of the structure. Best you can tell from this distance, there is no visible light immediately inside, but there is a bit of natural light that is coming in through the open space. Can I go over to the window and take a peek in, stealthily?",Stealth
Insight,"(shouting) Do you know him? What's his name? I do not! But he's a firbolg! He is one of my people! (gasps) He is a firbolg. This will be good. My smell bag was right again! I'm going to come out, I'm going to have a little kettle set up on a little tripod. I'm putting it down, I'm putting a big rod with a big purple chunk of amethyst on it underneath the kettle. Tapping it a couple times to get the kettle to start heating up. I'm going to wander into the graveyard and find some flowers for tea. Okay. Can we tag along? Do you need any help? Does he seem like he's going to kill us?",Investigation
Survival,"(laughter) May I helm it with Clay? Caduceus. Caduceus Clay. You can call me Clay. Caduceus. Deuces! Deuces Clay. It is decided. I have been trying not to show you this art for two weeks now. Caduceus, are you wanting to help? Or Nila, I think, is asking for your help in fording this forest, as you have a little more experience. Sure!",Survival
Stealth,"if we have to come back tomorrow night, we'll know what to expect. Are there more guards at night? We don't know, they could have six more dudes who come up there at night. Let's go. We're wasting time just talking. We'll just look. We'll go look. Okay, so you head straight to The Sour Nest? All right. Over the next couple of hours, you make your way, scooting as opposed to the more southern direction you were traveling, heading eastward. Carefully making your way on the outskirts of the northern side of North Clover of Shadycreek Run, I",Stealth
Stealth,"Best that you can tell, he's not a ""leave no man behind"" type individual. Okay. He isn't? He is not. But he is a vengeful type of individual? He's definitely a fan of an eye for an eye. If it goes south, and we manage to kill one of them, he might chase us. True. Or maybe not. Or maybe not. It could be a backup. No, it's good. Let's go.",Stealth
Stealth,"man behind"" type individual. Okay. He isn't? He is not. But he is a vengeful type of individual? He's definitely a fan of an eye for an eye. If it goes south, and we manage to kill one of them, he might chase us. True. Or maybe not. Or maybe not. It could be a backup. No, it's good. Let's go. Oh, stealth checks, right.",Stealth
Stealth,"Okay. He isn't? He is not. But he is a vengeful type of individual? He's definitely a fan of an eye for an eye. If it goes south, and we manage to kill one of them, he might chase us. True. Or maybe not. Or maybe not. It could be a backup. No, it's good. Let's go. Oh, stealth checks, right. Stealth checks.",Stealth
Stealth,"Or maybe not. Or maybe not. It could be a backup. No, it's good. Let's go. Oh, stealth checks, right. Stealth checks. First stealth check. Where's my stealth? Seven. 26. Seven. Ten. 12. 20. Okay.",Stealth
Stealth,"No, it's good. Let's go. Oh, stealth checks, right. Stealth checks. First stealth check. Where's my stealth? Seven. 26. Seven. Ten. 12. 20. Okay. These are such bad stealth checks. Thanks to you speaking with nature, I am",Stealth
Perception,"same voice go, ""Fucking hell! What-- Phil! I fucking shot an owl, it's still flying! I hate ""this forest! It's bullshit!"" You hear this voice a little further away go, ""(laughing) You suck!"" He's like, ""Shut up!"" Loads another bolt into it and starts-- You see now is actively looking for the owl to finish it off and regain his pride. I told him to go down low to the ground. Yeah. Can you bring him back? I kind of want that arrow. Ja, I can, but I poof into Frumpkin's senses. Do I hear anything besides Phil and Mystery Man?",Perception
Perception,"knock down the folks, someone on each party should put on their cloak and resume their guard pattern and keep walking around the wall. Very sneaky. That is an excellent idea. You can respond-- oh, you did. Yeah. You and I, we're good. We have this little routine. Beauregard can do that on this side. What about on your side? You? You're short. Keg. She's short. But not as short as Nott. You could stand on top of me. Are these guys humans, these guards?",Perception
Stealth,"No! Are they in place? We're going. She's on my shoulders. I'm on her shoulders, I'm up against this fucking wall! You're doing this, I'm going to try and (grunt)-- Then we're shooting at the same time? We're shooting at the same time. I'm going to hold Hold Person until these two are right under the guard. I want to wait until right after he passes, and then I want to do some ninja stuff. Are you just sipping tea? Yep.",Stealth
Stealth,"Then we're shooting at the same time? We're shooting at the same time. I'm going to hold Hold Person until these two are right under the guard. I want to wait until right after he passes, and then I want to do some ninja stuff. Are you just sipping tea? Yep. First, I need you to make a stealth check because you're having to move right up against the wall. This is a ten-foot clearing. I do. Use the dodeca if you need to. That's true.",Stealth
Stealth,"I want to wait until right after he passes, and then I want to do some ninja stuff. Are you just sipping tea? Yep. First, I need you to make a stealth check because you're having to move right up against the wall. This is a ten-foot clearing. I do. Use the dodeca if you need to. That's true. Both of you guys roll stealth checks. Mmm. Doesn't she get a plus ten to the stealth?",Stealth
Perception,"quietly, keeping an eye out. Ooh, nice. Would you mind giving me another boost real quick? Not a problem at all. Between your acrobatics and your ability, your height, without an issue, you get to the top. You guys now are on top of the wall, cloaked. Where do you want to go? I look over at Deuce and give a nod. You said that out of game and I can't say anything about it. I send Frumpkin up into the air to do a circle around the entire perimeter.",Perception
Investigation,"Mr. Clay! Cool trick! Finishing your Detect Magic, you do not detect anything magical of the outer gate. It is locked. Are we going in together? Should we do back entrance/front entrance? I can unlock the front entrance for you guys. I take my wire and I say: Nott are you on the ground still? Can you meet me at the front gates quietly? Yeah, give us a minute. I am going to rifle through the dude's pockets and go through the guy we just killed's stuff.",Investigation
Stealth,"If you want to. Make an investigation check. 17, what do I add? Investigation. Minus one. 16. 16, okay. You find 22 gold pieces. Added to my ten, that seems like a lot. And a pack of crossbow bolts, 16 crossbow bolts. Totally useful. Waiting very anxiously for my life partner. Oh! Yes, let's go! Oh, not you. You stay up there. Let's go, but be stealthy.",Stealth
Stealth,"Wait, with advantage? Disadvantage for her because of her armor. Oh, son of a fuck, come on Ash. Okay. Don't go lower than that, that's got to be the worst. That was the worst. Still not great. This is the worst? No. Seven plus-- Seven plus five. Okay, 12, good to know. I say: Meet at the front gate. Okay.",Persuasion
Perception,"Trace on. You do, so that's plus ten. Oh, thank goodness. Thank you. Lasts for like ten minutes, I think. 14 Lasts for an hour? Up to an hour. Okay, so this is four plus ten. Okay. Eventually, the four of you meet towards the front gate, seemingly, from what you can tell, no one's noticed. From my vantage point, I'm going to see if there's anybody in the courtyard, or if there's anything-- since I'm up there now.",Perception
Perception,"Hey, look at the windows, too. They're nice. Oh no! I'm looking in the windows. Okay, you see nobody else inside the courtyard. You occasionally see the flickering movement. It looks like firelight is the source of light that's coming through the two windows on the two sides of the facility you can see. No movement yet. Okay, I'm going to slowly start pacing around towards the front. I'm also going to look into the windows. Do I see anything from my vantage point?",Perception
Stealth,"30 feet, it's like a field and you can say yea or nay. That's my view. It doesn't say at the moment of casting you have to select  just that for the duration you choose. So, my interpretation, I would allow someone to step into the radius, and you could then choose. Okay, so we know better. We know you don't have to cast it. I'll snuggle up to Nila. I choose Keg. Let's tippy-toe around the back door. Okay, let's go! All right, everyone who's now making their",Stealth
Deception,"you had previously made your way in and out via owl the previous day. As you guys scoot past, you hear the front door of the facility (thudding) (creaking). It opens ever so faintly to the inside, and a figure peers out, having apparently heard something. We don't see that? No, we already went-- No, these two. We asked them if they saw anything right before we went. I didn't see that. You see a figure poke the head out and look curiously. Sorry!",Deception
Stealth,"see a dining area of some kind, and you see there are two of the hired guards in the process of finishing an evening drink. Was it Phil and the other guy? Is it Phil? One of them is Phil. One of them is the other guy. Looks like they're having a nightcap. Are they drunk? They've been drinking. You have no idea if they're drunk. Frumpkin sees the two of them hushedly chatting to one other and drinking from tankards. I will have Frumpkin back away, under the crack.",Stealth
Perception,"But he disappears in the back of the door. They both look around like, ""Shit. Ugh. I can't sleep now with that thing around here. Keep ""looking."" That's the last thing that Frumpkin hears before vanishing. Oh boy. That was wild. Okay. Yes. Oh, hi. Again. There's two of them. I pull a wire out and I aim towards my friends on the horses. There's two of them. Six seconds go by. There's two of them on the first floor. What do we do? What do we do now? Should we go in? Do we have any sense if their clanging disturbed anything?",Perception
Investigation,"will see what is going on. If the trapdoor is open? If it's unlocked. Oh, if it's unlocked. Okay, got it. Do not go in yourself right away, send in Frumpkin to look. I will be watching the whole time. All right. Are you drinking to the point of intoxication? No, just one big swig. All righty. Okay, let's go. All right. Got to pick a lock first, or check the door.",Perception
Stealth,"go to shit. To the right is a hallway, an open entrance that goes into a pantry or storage room. To the left is a door that leads beyond the kitchen. Tickle means right  left is nothing. Is there a tickle? No. I will go straight. You're at a door. I will try the door. It opens, it's not locked. Tickle, tickle. You feel a tickle. I turn right.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"You can move (counting). You can't quite get between the two of them, but you can be wedged into the doorway. If they try to move away from you, you will get an attack of opportunity if you want to take one as a reaction. Okay. That ends your turn. Back at the top. Beau, you're up. Okay. Have I heard my cherry bomb go off? Not quite yet, because it's on an initiative of 20. Oh, what? Amazing. Okay. I'm going to move my full speed, my 40 feet. Does it get me in?",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"going to keep running. Another 30 feet. Which direction? Around here? Yeah. Well, because I'm still trying to get where the spider told me to go. (counting) There you go. As Nott comes around the corner, I'm just Hey! Psst! Huh? Ah! (shushing) That finishes Nott's go. Clay, you're up. Another 60 feet. Are you jumping off the wall or going full square on the outer wall? I'll jump off the wall.",Athletics
Perception,"you grab it, lift it up, put it onto a shoulder. Using the cable, you pull it back until you find a piece of rock off to the side and hook it to it to where it maintains the tautness. You find another metal ring that is designed specifically to hold the trap when it's not set. It does not go off. The trapdoor opens, and there is a staircase that descends to a lower floor. See? Just easy as that. Is it open? It's open. Let's go in. Open it. No. I hold up Frumpkin, I place him on the edge of the trapdoor, and send him scrambling under to look.",Investigation
Stealth,"leads to a chamber beyond, and that's where you hear the whimpering coming from. What I don't like about this is that the asshole was sleeping upstairs and we don't know about that at all, but I send Frumpkin along the ceiling and through-- that looks like a barred gate. As Frumpkin looks within, you can see another chamber. You can see another hired figure, at least the same cloaked individuals you had encountered before, same attire, who is currently sitting at the back, up against the wall, and is looking in the direction of the door expectantly. I will attempt to send Frumpkin over his head along the ceiling stealthily.",Perception
Perception,"ceiling and through-- that looks like a barred gate. As Frumpkin looks within, you can see another chamber. You can see another hired figure, at least the same cloaked individuals you had encountered before, same attire, who is currently sitting at the back, up against the wall, and is looking in the direction of the door expectantly. I will attempt to send Frumpkin over his head along the ceiling stealthily. Make a stealth check for Frumpkin. Frumpkin also noticed there is a cage in the corner that contains two figures in there. Looks to be two humanoid figures. Humanoid, that's it?",Perception
Stealth,"sitting at the back, up against the wall, and is looking in the direction of the door expectantly. I will attempt to send Frumpkin over his head along the ceiling stealthily. Make a stealth check for Frumpkin. Frumpkin also noticed there is a cage in the corner that contains two figures in there. Looks to be two humanoid figures. Humanoid, that's it? With that perception roll and the low light, it's hard to tell. One appears to be larger, one appears to be smaller. Yasha and Jester, I'm going to keep going and you said roll--",Perception
Deception,"stairwell at the front of the building. Okay. I'm going to go down with Clay, but just at the stairs, since I also look like a guard. Okay. So you stay at the stairs there, Beau. Yep. All right. As you glance through, Clay, you can see the faint light in here, you can see the figure's walking up to the cage, eyes still trained on the door. I'm just tapping on the doors. All clear. We got one, it's Keg. We'll handle it. I'm going to head back upstairs.",Deception
Deception,"18. 18? I'm going to start heading back up. ""All right, I'll get back to work."" We could use your help up here if you got a second. ""I'm going to finish up."" As you turn around and begin to ascend the stairs, you begin to hear what sounds like a child beginning to scream. (screams) I tap on the bars with my staff, and I Wait man, Phil, there's something wrong with Phil, I think he really needs our help. Fucking Phil, am I right?",Deception
Investigation,"corner. You guys manage to step off to the side and pull yourself out of the rubble, but you get the sense now that this room is definitely trapped and there is definitely an awareness within and deeper of your presence. Nila, as you recover from this, you glance up and see the cage in the corner that you had passed when you first entered and you see a hand hanging off one of the metal bars-- a a bit of fur that covers and vanishing into the faint, grayish-blue tint of what is Asar's hand. I want to go to him, to touch him-- but I want to make sure that there's nothing that is going to trigger something else.",Investigation
Investigation,"(laughter) You bent it! You can't blame the mother! Roll for Healing Word. Just for my own giggles, I'm going to cast Detect Magic really quickly, because this place is giving me the creeps. Okay. I have an auto-thing I can do apparently, which is nuts. I'm going to need a new iPad. This thing is crashing and falling apart the whole night. Great job. I'm going to look around for keys or something. Just around the room.",Investigation
Stealth,"done that. [laughter] Oh, but I can't hear you. Looking through Frumpkin's eyes, there's no time to waste. I've Hasted her to protect me since it's just the two of us, but I have to move upstairs. So I'm going to feel my way up the stairs and hope that Keg comes along. Caleb begins to slowly climb up the stairs, feeling out along these spirals as it carries from the bottom floor to the upper tier of The Sour Nest fortress. While I ask Frumpkin to continue along the right path.",Stealth
Perception,"As Frumpkin enters the final room, it reveals a large bedchamber adorned with more intricate silks and accoutrement, to design a garish but somewhat ghastly bedroom in dark reds and purples. You can see, on the side of the bed, a plate that still contains mostly eaten remains of some sort of creature. The room smells of a musty smoke and some thick animalistic musk. It's hard to pinpoint, but it's a putrid stench immediately once it hits Frumpkin's nose. But the room is empty. Okay. Quickly, do I see anything of note in this room?",Perception
Perception,"No, we got an-- you really not following? I felt like that was really clear. Just stay here in case-- when Caleb and Keg get back. You're going to go attack these people with--? I'm going to see if I can get them to leave the house and if they don't leave the house, then I think you should probably shoot them with that thing. We're going to have them chase the escaped prisoners. All right. Sounds good. As this is transpiring, what did you roll",Stealth
Stealth,"arrival of footsteps rushing along the stone on the outside of the small hallway that leads to the trapdoor into the basement. What do you do? I'm going to position myself in the corner between that-- hunch against the wall, try and lose my breath if that makes sense. I'm going to face away since I don't have the disguise spell and look really perturbed towards the prison. Matt, are they in the little hall just outside the-- Yeah, it's maybe a 15-foot wide hallway. Can I sneak into the far hallway that is away from the kitchen?",Stealth
Deception,"Her you mean? Her, oh thank you. Mr. Clay, I am a woman, I know you're new here. (laughter) There's a whole conversation there that I'm excited to have when we're not having, okay-- We need one for questioning man. We caught one of them. Let me go! I didn't do nothing wrong. Nope, no, we got you. I say shut up you miscreant and I backhand Nott. (cries out)",Deception
Perception,"Oh, that was great. We still got two downstairs. A strange blur streaks by. Caduceus, you see it from the upstairs. It looks like a blur of black. No larger than that big. It scoots past and curves around the corner, back in the direction of the basement. Did somebody see something? What the fuck? I'm going to-- I don't know why I'm being quiet. We should head downstairs. You guys see this and begin to follow past. Beauregard, you're still standing back by the hatch and something stops in front. Make a",Perception
Stealth,"(stuttering) Just this once, I think I should go first. (gasps) You don't need to do this, Caleb, if you don't want to. I'm not there anymore. So brave! [cheering] Brave. Dead. It's semantics, really. Caleb, as you continue down the hall, unveiling it to the right, it still appears to be open without issue. You peek further down. The rest of you follow suit or do you stay in the back chamber? I feel like I should hang back, probably. stealth-wise. I'm going to go up and peek around.",Stealth
Stealth,"I'm not there anymore. So brave! [cheering] Brave. Dead. It's semantics, really. Caleb, as you continue down the hall, unveiling it to the right, it still appears to be open without issue. You peek further down. The rest of you follow suit or do you stay in the back chamber? I feel like I should hang back, probably. stealth-wise. I'm going to go up and peek around. Make a stealth check, please. A stealth check for you too, Caleb, but you have advantage. I'll follow Nott.",Stealth
Perception,"What's happening up there? The audience is aroused! (laughter) You hear as Ruzza looks over to Protto and goes, ""Are they coming or not? I'm getting ""impatient."" Protto goes, ""Yeah, maybe we should poke one of them."" He pulls out a blade and jams it into the cage to the left. You hear a voice against the gag. A muffled yell. I am going to move into the room and sit down on the floor between the cage and the door, pressed against the wall. Right here? Ja and just wait.",Perception
Perception,"contact lenses. You immediately recognize the familiar scent of Caleb's coat right in front of you. Oh! Caleb! Caleb, is that you? Act natural. [laughter] All right. Caleb, it's your turn. I'm going to slide out away from Nott and go to the other side, clear of the hallway, to look into the cage that's there. Into the cage across-- To the other side of the room. Is anyone alive or dead in that cage?",Perception
Investigation,"slightly, but not enough. You do feel, however, that whatever weight is carrying it down, it's heavy, but with two people you might have a chance of lifting it. But it looks like the bars are too thick to try and pull apart. I did the wrong-- We should-- Under's better. That's okay. With our legs... lower back, you know. Yeah. That ends Keg's turn. Caduceus. I want to search this little hallway for a switch or some kind of panel to open this thing from this side.",Investigation
Investigation,"way down the edge and around the corner, vanishing into this next chamber. Oh god, I'm knocking things over. It happens, I'm sorry. It's fine. They'll be okay in the end. There we go. Ending your view there, what are you going to do? Marisha, did you just look at me? Is that what's happened? That's why you're suddenly laughing? (laughing) Yeah, fuck you. Sorry. Let's see. Oh, you know what? Is there a mechanism for opening that gate? You can spend the rest of your turn investigating the room for something like that, if you'd like. Yeah, why don't we do that?",Perception
Investigation,"inside, gagged and bound, chains, manacles behind the back, and similar to the other captives being held. There is a doorway that one of the higher guards is closing behind him, and for a brief glimpse, you see Protto and Ruzza further in the chamber with a torch light source within the next room before the door closes. If I am able to now, I will send Frumpkin over the ceiling and down the door, and if there is a crack, he will go through. Are the rest of you moving in further to the next chamber? Sure, yeah, if there's no threat. I'll scan for traps as I walk.",Perception
Stealth,"What you do is the Mage Hand runs itself around the outskirts of it, pulling up the dust and dirt that has settled in to have it blend in with the rest of the stone, curling beneath, and pops it up, and causes it to fold up a bit, lift out the stone tablet, and drift it off to the side and set it down. The trap is still armed, but that part of the floor has now been moved out of the way. So we can step over, around it? Yes! Wow! Caleb! Are you right next to me? No. No. You're sending Frumpkin into the next chamber? Ja. If there's a gap, ja.",Investigation
Intimidation,"they capture, it's minimal sustenance and a lot of mental and psychological damage, as well as physical torture to go along with it. You've seen and endured some of it, but looks like some of these other figures have gone through more of it. I have one goodberry left over from Nila that she gave me that I didn't eat. So I'm going to hand him the goodberry-- Well, his hands are bound. I'm going to feed him the goodberry. He looks at you with his one semi-good eye, and, ""What-- What are-- What are you-- Why?"" What, you don't like berries? (shouting) Just eat the berry!",Intimidation
Arcana,"sort-of-gradient-colored half-orc, and maybe an amazing-looking white and sort-of, kind-of-black, dark angel thing? He looks to you, first kind of still taken aback by the goblin face, and the sharpened teeth, and the yellow eyes staring back. But he calms himself. ""Uh, I think those were the new projects ""he took below."" Projects? I don't like that-- We've got to move. Caleb is already in the next room, steering clear of the trap and trying to inspect if that brazier is arcane in nature, or if there is anything dangerous other than the trap.",Investigation
Nature,"You take ten points of fire damage as it just incinerates past you. And you take a step back, and the flame is now super small. Like it just expended a lot of its fire energy. In the brazier it's just this low flicker. And it begins to burn brighter again-- Aah! While it's going, I'm going to see if I can yank open the thing! All right, go ahead and make a strength check. (whining) Can I do athletics? [laughter] This is a straight strength check unfortunately, sorry.",Nature
Stealth,"That's cool. Couple of tanks up in here. The Duchess heads down into the chamber, and it opens into a T-shaped chamber facing your direction. The stairs here descend down into this area. The room is low-lit with a red glow emanating from two furnaces, one on each side there with faint red embers and bits of ash that flicker out with small bits of flame. Now I don't want my baby to go too far, okay? Just let her see what's-- Hovering right there? I'd say yeah. Just enough to stay in the shadow.",Stealth
Performance,"puppet it a little bit. Ooh! With coconuts you can make it sound like horses! I don't have a coconut. I-- I think we're mixing. I think the streams are crossing. So yeah, I'm going to give it a little bit of sound. It worked super well right? You got two husks and you're smacking them together. I'm clanging down. You're making the clanging sound. Illusion Keg is clanging down.",Performance
Perception,"They see it. There's somebody watching. It's a person firing. Yes it's someone-- It's Protto. Where are those shots coming from? From under the table, and also from somewhere else. Maybe it's Protto and that lackey. Well we know that Protto shoots arrows, right? And then someone else could be the other one. And then they had that hired hand with them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's them. Would we be able to see anything to make",Perception
Perception,"Right. All right, so your vision, with the Duchess you can see beyond that but you do not have-- A full-- The ability to actually hit something unless you move down below. Just a heads-up. Right. All right. Caduceus? I think i'm going to-- Oh god-- We don't want all the magic in one place. That seems like a bad idea. I think I'll pull off and hug the wall to the left and get as far back from that corner as I can. All right. (counting) At this moment, make a",Stealth
Perception,"All right. Caduceus? I think i'm going to-- Oh god-- We don't want all the magic in one place. That seems like a bad idea. I think I'll pull off and hug the wall to the left and get as far back from that corner as I can. All right. (counting) At this moment, make a perception check, Nott. Me? Yep, as you came down the bottom of the stairs. 12. Plus nothing, Taliesin. You look down and see the empty chamber. No movement. Beauregard, you were looking around the",Perception
Perception,"bad idea. I think I'll pull off and hug the wall to the left and get as far back from that corner as I can. All right. (counting) At this moment, make a perception check, Nott. Me? Yep, as you came down the bottom of the stairs. 12. Plus nothing, Taliesin. You look down and see the empty chamber. No movement. Beauregard, you were looking around the corner. Make a perception check. Oh god! Five. Right? That was a two, plus three. Five.",Perception
Athletics,"Get a room! Solid. There you go. There's Ruzza right there, you manage to get into contact. Okay, I'm going to smack. That's a 19 plus seven. I think that maybe hits. That'll hit. Okay, very good, and here we go. That'll be ten points of damage. Nice. Take that, Wu Tang Clan. Did that athletics jump count as an action, I'm assuming? Hmm?",Athletics
Perception,"pack that Faerie Fire, man. Aw. Who knew? I was drinking tea last time I got to pick spells. Faerie Fire is one of the best fucking spells, man! I'm curious about these rooms back here, those grates that you've still got covered over. What's over there? I don't know, do you want to go see? Yeah, I want to run over there-- Wait, you're looting?! I'm going to run over there. That's your movement can get you that close.",Perception
Perception,"What's over there? I don't know, do you want to go see? Yeah, I want to run over there-- Wait, you're looting?! I'm going to run over there. That's your movement can get you that close. You can use your action to make a perception check if you want to glare through. It'll get me that close? I would like to be a little further away so that I am not in blast radius with two other people. There? Yeah. Looks to be a little better. Darn it, yeah. I'm going to use my action to--",Perception
Perception,"All right, finishing Caduceus's turn. Shakäste, you're up. All right, I guess Shakäste and the Duchess will move into the chamber and check the other side of this chamber now that it's-- Whereabouts do you want to go? As far to the other side of this penis as we can get, yeah. That's about as far as you can get with your movement. Have the Duchess follow me as well. Go ahead and go to the end of the chamber there-- Right over here? Yeah, and perch there. Can she see inside?",Perception
Perception,"chamber and you can see an unconscious figure on the far back end that is also in full manacles: chained, and gagged-- facing away from you. You can't see any more details than that. That's really all I've got. I can't start working on these locks at all, can I? Not with using Thaumaturgy as your action, no. All right, there you go. That finishes your turn. Back to the top-- Nott, what are you doing? Me? I'm going to peek around the corner  do I see anything or anyone to attack? You don't see anybody in there. You could",Stealth
Stealth,"working on these locks at all, can I? Not with using Thaumaturgy as your action, no. All right, there you go. That finishes your turn. Back to the top-- Nott, what are you doing? Me? I'm going to peek around the corner  do I see anything or anyone to attack? You don't see anybody in there. You could make a perception check if you want to use that as your action. It's up to you. No, I will stay tucked in my little closet. Is there a way I can hide but still see around the corner? No?",Stealth
Perception,"Absolved of all dam-- no. I don't know where anything is or what's going on and I feel real bad, so I'm going to try to crawl up the steps a bit, through the blood in my face. Ja, I'll crawl up the steps and then, hey, I will just throw a Fire Bolt where he was. That probably won't work, but let's do it. Roll for an attack with disadvantage. Ja. Natural 20. [groaning] That is a total of 12. It just burst into stone. We did it, you guys. Keg.",Investigation
Arcana,"One tactical fuck up on his part and that stunning strike turned that completely around. [cheering] Monks, man. I need a drink. Hey, welcome back. Keg just falls to her knees and starts crying. I go get some of the ash off the ground and Maybe you could make some tea with this? Do I get any sense of what this is? I'm going to do Detect Undead, I'm going to see if I can understand what he was.",Arcana
Insight,"I understand how you would think, because I wasn't quite myself, but-- Oh, also, there's this town where there's these gnomes and they dance all night! What?! Yeah, it's called Hupperdook. It's the funniest name. I love that name. Before that-- I'd forgotten how long you were gone. Too long. Too long. You've done a marvelous job, and we can't thank you enough. Let us help you with whatever--",Insight
Insight,"Oh, also, there's this town where there's these gnomes and they dance all night! What?! Yeah, it's called Hupperdook. It's the funniest name. I love that name. Before that-- I'd forgotten how long you were gone. Too long. Too long. You've done a marvelous job, and we can't thank you enough. Let us help you with whatever-- Insight check. Has he been turned? Is he different, is he weird?",Insight
Insight,"starting to cook food. It was a nice kitchen when we ran through it. I'm trying to see if I can put together some sort of omelette or something. I love that so much. I love it. Keg is going through the corpses of the different thugs and rolling them for change. She's got a cigarette hanging out of the mouth feeling through pockets. Who's helming the investigation of the stronghold? I'll take one. I will assist. All right, so go ahead and roll twice and roll with advantage. What was that thing where I could spend a",Insight
Investigation,"law. But it may have some use, you don't know. Blackmail! You did get the baseline 15 DC, though, in going through the upstairs chamber that you found to be Lorenzo's chamber. Through the bed, you find 15 gold pieces scattered in some of the shelves near the bed unit, beneath where there's the platter containing the remains of some young creature. Then beneath, tucked underneath the bed and up into the slats, you find a heavy leather bag of some kind. You pull it out, and what you find is-- Nothing's trapped, right? You can check if you want to. Go ahead and",Investigation
Investigation,"A special coin? What does the coin look like? That's what it looks like. Oh, fuck! Physical props! In fact, you recognize it immediately. This is called a galley. This is a galley. A galley is specifically a gold piece that is produced along the Menagerie Coast. Ooh, it even smells good. It smells like home! Maybe we should open it. Is it trapped? I will look at the coin for traps!",Investigation
Perception,"And then I close the book. I go back inside after a little bit. Okay. You all finish a very necessary long night's rest. Coming to consciousness as the dome vanishes, exposing the center of the base floor walkway, where Caleb had set up both the protections of his spells and the dome in the first place. Beau has not returned. Atta girl. You all wake up. The front door which is right across from where you are is partially ajar, partway open. I go outside and get some fresh air and see what I see.",Perception
Persuasion,"""Fetch it for me."" One of the guards comes over and puts his hands on the glaive and waits for you to release it. He walks over and hands it to Ophelia. She grasps it and (grunts). It's got some heft to it. She takes it and looks it over, ""Very well. You are absolutely certain there are ""no signs left behind to trace it? No one saw you? No one followed you?"" You know the one who wields that weapon? ""I know of the one that did, yes."" This one broke his jaw almost off of his face, and then his skull was burned to ash. We murdered everyone in that house who was not a farmer. It is empty.",Persuasion
Stealth,"they can hear you or not, but you see two rather extravagant-looking carriages making their way towards you. You can see this dark wood with gold detailing on the outsides. Each has a curtained window on the right and the left, sets of large, spoked wheels on each side, and each one has two horses affixed to the front. There is a driver at the front of each one. Nott, moon them. Moon them right now. Yes. I will moon them. There is no reaction, but you are, indeed, mooning them. (laughs loudly) I mean, we laugh very quietly, just in case.",Stealth
Investigation,"I can say, if you'd like to, there are ways to transition the money. For ease, you can say gold piece value for keeping tabs on it, but you can say that a portion of it is platinum for ease of travel. Though you have a bag of holding  it's not a huge issue. Okay. Bag of holding is one of those items where eventually, when you reach a certain level, you're like, ""You know what? Let's not worry about all that copper and silver and gold piece weight with you."" We all have roughly 30-something platinum. Dope. Be glad you rolled at least a 15 on that",Investigation
Deception,"quickly cast Eyes of the Grave. Are there any undead within 60 feet? Interesting point. No. No undead within 60 feet. Thank you. You feel a little more comfortable knowing that. Just wanted to check. Cree turns to you and goes, ""I hate to bother, but-- I'm happy to see you return. I see ""that Lucien is not with you."" Oh. Yes. That is correct. He had his own business to attend to. We parted ways.",Deception
Insight,"Oh, yeah! She doesn't actually, like, want this, she just wants to maintain a good relationship. He is laying it on thick. Yep. Look, she's like, ""Mmm, please stop touching me."" Well, I will trust you, because you are-- I'm going to quit while I'm ahead. That was a good bail-out. Hey, Caleb. Yeah? You're a good friend. Please don't ever ask me about my sex life. I say this with the utmost gravity. I have no interest in your sex life. Do you believe me?",Insight
Insight,"want this, she just wants to maintain a good relationship. He is laying it on thick. Yep. Look, she's like, ""Mmm, please stop touching me."" Well, I will trust you, because you are-- I'm going to quit while I'm ahead. That was a good bail-out. Hey, Caleb. Yeah? You're a good friend. Please don't ever ask me about my sex life. I say this with the utmost gravity. I have no interest in your sex life. Do you believe me? Insight check me.",Insight
Insight,"I think we're going to head out now, but if you need us, we'll probably be at The Leaky Tap or something. ""Oh, that's fine. You know where to find me if you need anything as well."" Sure, sure. We've been summoned by this person named Evantica, so we're probably going to go find-- ""All right. Well, if there's anything you require from me, let me know."" Okay. You don't know where she is in town? ""Can't say I do."" Or he? I'm not really sure. ""No."" Okay. Cool, cool, cool.",Investigation
Insight,"require from me, let me know."" Okay. You don't know where she is in town? ""Can't say I do."" Or he? I'm not really sure. ""No."" Okay. Cool, cool, cool. (whispering) Can you insight check him? Well, off we go! Oh, Jester! Don't forget! We're going to talk about the Captain later! Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's already talking to Ophelia. He isn't paying attention. He's now having various members of his troupe pick up her bags for her and move her into one of the other chambers.",Insight
Insight,"""Can't say I do."" Or he? I'm not really sure. ""No."" Okay. Cool, cool, cool. (whispering) Can you insight check him? Well, off we go! Oh, Jester! Don't forget! We're going to talk about the Captain later! Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's already talking to Ophelia. He isn't paying attention. He's now having various members of his troupe pick up her bags for her and move her into one of the other chambers. I was insight checking him while Nott was talking to him.",Insight
Persuasion,"Oh well, I'll get the cloak then. I'll help you get the cloak. Well, here's the deal, Pumat. What was that you said five or so minutes ago about us being your number one customers? Ooh, yeah, and you would give us a deal if we bought a whole bunch of stuff? Is this where we go for the diamonds, too? I am dropping a total, if we're all amenable, 960 gold on various things, and I think that is a pretty good pile. Maybe you could knock a couple hundred off of the price of those bracers.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"mark off that amount there as well. When all is ""said and done, when you've marked off your amounts, here's a hundred gold back. You may ""redistribute it as you see fit."" Oh, shit, you got a hundred dollar rebate! We got a rebate, 100 gold! Really? Well, that was what you haggled them down. Oh. Oh, so we're-- Okay, we're good. It just makes it easier than adding. Will you take five gold off of the dust because you like me?",Persuasion
Investigation,"You weren't asking for anything too crazy. Nope, that's cool. I'm easy. Now we just need to find the diamonds. Now we need to find some diamonds. All right. So for that? Let's see here. I typed in the bracers and they showed up with an image. Whoa! How? What? That's in D&D Beyond. (singing) D&D Beyond. (singing) Be my girl tonight, D&D Beyond. They even had my hand-me-down Periapt of Wound Closure.",Persuasion
Perception,"looks just like a sack. Just a general sack and she reaches and grabs the edge and scoots it over without breaking eye contact. It scrapes across the ground and you hear things clattering around inside, like she's carrying a large pouch of various pots and pans. She reaches in, still looking at you. ""One."" Oh, Caleb should be here right now! ""Two."" And eventually counts out 12 varying-sized diamonds. They all look-- Some are cut, it looks like one of them is a little rough, and just hasn't been cut by a jeweler yet. But, sure enough, they're-- We can tell they're really diamonds?",Perception
Perception,"inside, like she's carrying a large pouch of various pots and pans. She reaches in, still looking at you. ""One."" Oh, Caleb should be here right now! ""Two."" And eventually counts out 12 varying-sized diamonds. They all look-- Some are cut, it looks like one of them is a little rough, and just hasn't been cut by a jeweler yet. But, sure enough, they're-- We can tell they're really diamonds? Make a perception check. Your Laura is showing. Well, just making sure she's not ripping us off.",Perception
Religion,"really cool. Wow! ""25 gold. It's a good keepsake."" Okay. Reaches in, pulls out a big batch of garlic. Just a big old batch of garlic in a small netted sack. She goes, ""Garlic. Good for cooking and also for keeping away... vampyr!"" (laughter) You know what we could do? Get the garlic, sprinkle the Dust of Deliciousness on the garlic, and feed it to the vampyr! Then they'd be in pain and very susceptible to--",Religion
Persuasion,"(laughter) Are you not entertained!? Oh my god. There are-- There's half of a chess set carved from jade. When I say half, I half of each side, so it's completely useless. There is a single vial that has a familiar, red, medicinal liquid in it. It looks like there is a healing potion, should you be so inclined to purchase it. And the rest of it is just absolute junk. I'll take the garlic. ""Very well. Two gold."" Which is really expensive for fucking garlic. I'm thinking, that's-- One gold.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"I'm going to hold out the garlic one more time. Just checking. Seems legit. (laughing) She seems to nod like, ""Well done."" Oh, I did that wrong. Yes, you did. It was because I was listening to what he was saying. I was distracted. There we go. Okay. ""No mask?"" How much for the mask? You don't know where that's been. I know. Five gold. Ah. Ooh. Three gold!",Persuasion
Investigation,"carefully about what you're trying to find. What ""you're trying to learn."" Okay, what am I trying to learn? What are you looking to research? Is there any type of history on families of Wildemount, or any type of underground trade going on? Family trees? Connections? For the portion of this day, Tubo begins to instruct you on how to not just read and research, but in focusing your spiritual energy on the specific things you're searching, you begin to find quick ways to Johnny 5 through tomes to find what you're looking for. With this comes your ability to spend a ki point to gain advantage on",Investigation
Investigation,"""has been more than enough."" Yeah. I get that a lot. He makes his way back up and escorts you out of the training chamber. Guys, hasn't the last four days been amazing? Yes, really peaceful, actually. I go find Caleb and I go: Let's go! Four days later. So during this time, Caleb? If I had four days to peruse at will, I would have spent the first day trying to research anything I could find about Xhorhas, the Xhorasians' mentions of beacons, of them living many lives, their religion, if possible.",Investigation
Investigation,"is the leader of the dynasty is known as Empress Leylas Kryn. She is called an ""umavi"" by them, though the word's meaning is unknown by current research. Accounts of the Empress speak of her as a powerful and dangerous warrior on the battlefield. And well over 600 years old or more, as records date back that far since she arrived in local history. That's what you've discovered about the Kryn Dynasty and Xhorhas. I spend a day reading about that. I will spend every remaining day reading about-- I was rushed the first time I came here, so I'm going to spend every day left reading about the weave of time and any mortals' attempts to control it.",Investigation
Persuasion,"of interest to my ears, business or otherwise, ""please keep me informed."" You can be assured that I will. Thank you for your time, I'll leave you now. ""Of course."" Then he goes off to get a drink at the bar. As you turn around, right there at the steps is Cree, the dark-furred tabaxi. She approaches and goes, ""I'm sorry to bother you, I ""noticed you descend here. I have heard since your last arrival that there were losses in your journey."" (stuttering) Hm? ""I have had a number of uncomfortable dreams in the week, and... I cannot sense Lucien."" Tell me about these dreams.",Persuasion
Investigation,"which we can be beacons of truth and justice in a ""world that wishes to swallow all with chaos."" (snoring) (laughter) But yeah, the midday stakeout appears to go well. What do you wish to do? How often does he come back? He's there most of the day, and in the evening he appears to go nap somewhere within the Platinum House. And then he gives his sermon during the next day and the next day? We scout it out a couple days in a row to really get the feel for the guards.",Investigation
Deception,"You know what you should say, say that the sermon guy, whoever I am, tell them I need some quiet time in the temple. All right. I'll disguise myself using Disguise Self as an elderly gnomish woman, and I'll wander into the temple, I guess. Ahem, pardon me. All patrons, I have a request from the Holy Father himself that we vacate the premises. They have to refresh all the holy water-- that's good-- every 30 days, and wouldn't you know it? Today's that day! So out of the pool for a few minutes, and then when it's all refreshed, we'll come and you can come right back in. Just a break! Go and take a break.",Deception
Perception,"low-level priests of the Platinum Dragon. As they approach, one of them looks to be a mid-30s human male, male-pattern baldness taking a large portion of his shorter, blond hair. The other one appears to be a half-elven man as well. He looks younger, but looks can be deceiving with half-elves. They both approach with a somewhat concerned look and the half-elf speaks up first and goes, ""I'm sorry, ""you said that the Holy Father needs the room cleared?"" I come up from behind. Is there anything around us, like donation jars, or anything around us? I don't know how churches work, guys.",Investigation
Deception,"Okay. Triple-checking if Mage Hand has-- I'm sure I will drop my form. Well, Disguise Self remains cast. However, Mage Hand, if I recall, may have-- It's an action to make it appear. Correct, but it's verbal and somatic, so as they're approaching, you look back and forth and begin casting a spell. As this is happening, they both go, ""Uh--"" No! I step up from behind Nott. Thank you, dear. My assistant did as I asked. I really needed some quiet time alone in the temple tonight. ""I wasn't aware you had an assistant?"" I just hired her.",Deception
Athletics,"stand right here. I'm going to watch the door. They all went out the front door? There's open archways that lead down long hallways, and they all appear to have left the hallways. Okay. I'm going to Invoke Duplicity. I'm going to make it look like he's kneeling down in the doorway, praying. Then I'm going to run up, and I want to start painting up the Platinum Dragon. Okay, so your Invoke Duplicity's there, and you-- the Platinum Dragon's about 15 feet up. Yeah, I climb on up! I start painting.",Athletics
Stealth,"maintain the weight of the beautiful archways that mark the top part of the temple, you tiny rock climb with the finger strength that only Jester has in this whole group setup, and make your way up carefully-- one, two-- leap and then grab onto the Platinum Dragon. It hangs back and forth a bit, and you can now see-- what you can't see from far down is there are two sets of chains that hold it aloft up in the temple. It is free hanging and now you're rocking back and forth. Ooh, you know what? I could just knock this down. That could be really good, too. That would be faster. I'm going to hide in one of the pews.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"Make a stealth check. I start climbing up and I want to paint it rainbow colors. I feel like that would be a really nice addition for the Platinum Dragon. Okay. You begin painting rainbow colors and pulling out all your various pigments and the platinum begins to give way to a Technicolor vomit nightmare. With a mustache. And a straw hat. As you're getting to the mustache, you hear many, many footfalls approaching and a voice saying, ""Yeah, just this way, I--"" I drop down and run. Okay. As he's in the middle of talking,",Acrobatics
Perception,"15-foot drop. 21. Wow, okay. A three-point landing in the middle. You're still-- I'm still the dragon. But there's also the Invoke Duplicity of him there, so there's one, he goes, ""That's the--"" (thud), ""What? Huh?"" (shrieks) And I run. They give chase. They go, ""After whoever that is!"" There are now five crownsguard and two members of the House giving chase down one of the hallways. Was there an exit? Looking for an exit.",Perception
Stealth,"This is like a Choose Your Own Adventure. Yeah. The footfalls are coming faster and faster behind you, and Nott, you're noticing that they're drawing weapons and one of them appears to be pulling out some sort of a bead out of their pocket. That's all you notice. Okay. I'm going to scream as loud as I can Oh my god, he's dead! Well, they all immediately stop and look behind at you. How many are there? There's five crownsguard and then two members of the church. Okay, I'm hiding in the room.",Stealth
Deception,"Oh my god, he's dead! Well, they all immediately stop and look behind at you. How many are there? There's five crownsguard and then two members of the church. Okay, I'm hiding in the room. Make a stealth check, please. At least four stars on Grand Theft Auto. 19. You think you may be hidden. They turn and look at you. ""What?"" He stopped breathing! He's back there, didn't you see him?",Deception
Athletics,"""Apparently someone's masquerading as you."" Been looking everywhere for him. Can't find him anywhere. Maybe check that room with the candles on the other side of the hallway. ""We'll go check."" That room with the candles! The three crownsguard turn around and rush off to find it, while the member of the house, the half-elf from earlier, is like, ""Nobody? That's-- That's him! Ugh."" and is going to rush to try and grab you. Go ahead and roll another d20. Just use your handaxe! Oh, wait. Oh no. Five. Five. No, it's going to go for a full",Investigation
Athletics,"That's him! Ugh."" and is going to rush to try and grab you. Go ahead and roll another d20. Just use your handaxe! Oh, wait. Oh no. Five. Five. No, it's going to go for a full grapple. It's an athletics check. Can I-- That's 2nd-level, I can cast it. I cast Hold Person. On them. Okay. That is going to be a 16. I believe that's a success. Yeah, 13 plus three. Grr. (grumbling) You're weak, I'm strong. However, it does come in and go to grapple you and hold you in place. So you're currently now being held in this form by the entity. You can try",Athletics
Athletics,"Okay. That is going to be a 16. I believe that's a success. Yeah, 13 plus three. Grr. (grumbling) You're weak, I'm strong. However, it does come in and go to grapple you and hold you in place. So you're currently now being held in this form by the entity. You can try and break free by doing an athletics check. I try to break free. Okay, try it. Oh, god! Just everybody think back to the stink eye Laura gave us on the hospital run. Yeah, I know. What do I add to this? What do I add?",Athletics
Deception,"the middle of this scuffle, and see you running towards them. Charm Person, 2nd-level! Jeez Louise! With advantage, one of them succeeds: two 17's in a row. The other-- I know. When I Blink though-- The other one fails, a seven and a one. So one of them just looks at you and smiles. The one holding the chains for Nott. The other one pulls a blade. I walk in. Slow down and walk up like: I heard somebody was impersonating me in here. Have you found them yet?",Deception
Acrobatics,"""that's been--"" Now the actual Herald of the House comes out. He's got his pajamas on, and he's like, ""What's going-- What's this?"" Ah! How do I get out of this? Can I cast Dispel Magic on Nott's bubble? Go ahead and roll a d20. God, you've cast 19 spells. No I haven't! I've-- Add your wisdom modifier. That's good. Oh my god, that's-- what is that, 23? Bubble vanishes. Nott, you fall to your feet. The guy with the chains is going to go ahead and reach out to attempt to grapple you with them.",Acrobatics
Stealth,"direction that Nott went. You charge that direction. You move the rest of your movement that way 30 feet. Roll another d20. I'm using all my 20s here. 12, shit! Two steps! Wait, they all blink out? Do my Mirror Images blink out too? Yeah, they all do, because you're not present. Oh god! Nott, you've managed to make it out into the street now. You are now out of the temple. I'm going to duck behind something and look to see if Jester came out.",Perception
Stealth,"invisible! That's right! I just got it! I'm going to use it! The Cloak of Shadows thing? All right, cool. As they're chasing, you Channel Divinity. You give a silent little whispered prayer to the Traveler to give you the opportunity to escape. Please don't fuck me! You vanish. You are invisible for the next six seconds. I run as fast as I can and turn a corner. Okay, and with that, you duck around into a little nook on the outside of an abode or home that's placed here on the outside of the temple.",Stealth
Nature,"I'll be right back."" He looked like he didn't even remember us. Maybe he's new. Yeah, he could be reinforcements. We killed a whole bunch of gnolls for them. To be fair, I don't remember him. Hey, Caduceus, you should probably be we fought off a bunch of gnolls when we were making our way up through here. We cut off their ears and sold them for money. What kind of gnolls, you ask? Regular. Do I know what a gnoll is?",Investigation
Perception,"Bye! A kid quietly raises a hand, smiling, too shy to say anything, and with that, you make your way past the final buildings, out of Alfield and back onto the road south. Aw man, we saved their lives. That's pretty cool. We're awesome, yeah. Two days' travel to Trostenwald from Alfield, so which one of you wants to helm the first watch? I'll take first watch. Oh, yeah, I was going to help him. All right, so roll with advantage on your",Perception
Perception,"marker. If it was a trail marker, you usually stack three stones, make it look very intentional. Have you ever seen a painting where someone tries to paint stars, but the stars don't look right, because they're the wrong kind of random? That's the wrong kind of random. I send Frumpkin to go look at the rocks. Maybe it's a secret entrance to something! The rest of you keep looking at this pile of stones, and it just looks like a pile of stones. You're like, ""Really?"" So Frumpkin's heading up? (meowing) Frumpkin gets low to the grass-- The random nature makes and the random that man makes.",Perception
Investigation,"rocks settled here. Trees above us? No, it's an open field. There are some trees maybe 300, 400 feet off. This part of the field, they're small clusters, four or five at a time. It's mostly open, rolling hills. Are we near where the gnoll mine was? No, you're days away. That was east of the city. You guys are heading south. Did you say how tall the rocks are? All together, probably about four feet tall. Does it look like there is anything buried, any digging done here?",Perception
Survival,"""you! Love, The Iron Shepherds,"" or something like that. Oh yeah. You thought you were getting jewels, but you're getting rocks and shit! And poop! Dried poop! Yeah, I'll write that. Love, The Iron Shepherds. While everybody's arguing, I'm going to sit down and Detect Magic as a ritual. That's a ten minute casting time to cast as a ritual? Okay. I'm going to start going around and trying to mess up our tracks, maybe leave a few deeper footprints walking the other way?",Survival
Perception,"Plus zero. I'm better with other things. That's true, yeah. It's not charisma, thankfully. You feel pretty confident that you've managed to erase most any sign of any tampering or movement by human beings or adjacent entities. What are you trying to do, Jester? Someone over here was trying to do something. Oh, ritual casting Detect Magic, but that's ten minutes of stoppage. I'm walking back towards the cart. We're keeping an eye out for anything else happening. Can you do that ritual on the cart as we drive away?",Perception
Perception,"that there's any immediate sign of anyone approaching. By the time you finish completing the ritual, you do a quick pass over. There are many magical auras around you, but they're your friends. The various objects they're wearing and equipped light up, but there's nothing beyond expected. Nothing, stones, the dirt? Okay, we're good. This place is clear. Let's get the hell out of here. You guys jog back to the cart, get up inside, and start making your way south along the trail again with-- if someone wants to write it down-- approximately 500 gold worth of gems. Rubies and emeralds. Because of a really high",Perception
Perception,"Our group inventory, though, is nonexistent right now. I'll find the notebook somehow. Don't worry. Can you be in charge again? You're fired. You want me to be in charge of money, I'll be in charge of the money. It reminds me of Caduceus. It's a unicorn. Ashley gave this to me. I think we were saying we should probably skedaddle. You make your way south along the trail. You have one more day of travel before you get to Trostenwald. Caduceus, are you still leading? Yeah, I'm feeling good.",Perception
Insight,"front of his face. ""No, but I'm completely ""serious. This is my burden. I chose it. You've all done good work here, and--"" Caleb, I lived it, so I remember, but for Caduceus, can you remind me why Gustav was locked up again? (laughter) The circus and the fucking-- I know, but what did he do wrong? He convinced the town that we all met-- He was responsible for the circus, that's all, he just took responsibility. But that wasn't-- how would he know? This is an innocent man! He didn't do anything bad, right?",Insight
Insight,"""serious. This is my burden. I chose it. You've all done good work here, and--"" Caleb, I lived it, so I remember, but for Caduceus, can you remind me why Gustav was locked up again? (laughter) The circus and the fucking-- I know, but what did he do wrong? He convinced the town that we all met-- He was responsible for the circus, that's all, he just took responsibility. But that wasn't-- how would he know? This is an innocent man! He didn't do anything bad, right? I would love to have an insight check,",Insight
Insight,"done good work here, and--"" Caleb, I lived it, so I remember, but for Caduceus, can you remind me why Gustav was locked up again? (laughter) The circus and the fucking-- I know, but what did he do wrong? He convinced the town that we all met-- He was responsible for the circus, that's all, he just took responsibility. But that wasn't-- how would he know? This is an innocent man! He didn't do anything bad, right? I would love to have an insight check, insight check from Caduceus.",Insight
Persuasion,"would it be? Would there be a buyout cost, if we wanted to pay it? Is that just the straight-- or could there be some sort of deal? Are you asking? Yeah. ""What are you-- a buyout?"" Weirdly-- and I dont know, you've spent more time with him-- but he strikes me as a man who's, weirdly, happier in jail right now than he'd be out of it. ""He's fucking weird, I'll tell you that."" I think he needs to face some stuff. It would be really healthy for everyone involved.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"We're trying to do a good thing. A man in jail doesn't do anything for your city, but I bet 1,500 right now would. Don't have to empty the bedpans, change the sheets. Don't have to feed him. The crownsguard to the left of you goes, ""You should listen to her. Those bedpans are ""pretty terrible."" Think of what you can do for this town with 1,500 gold right now, because let me tell you, we can't give you that 1,700. So we either walk and you're stuck with a prisoner for another nine months, or you take the 1,500.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"""Oh, I'm fine. Thank you, I appreciate it. I should probably tie up some loose ends now that I ""have availability to do so. Thanks to you and your generosity."" A word of advice. ""Mm-hmm?"" Whatever was keeping you in this cell, whatever was making you comfortable in here, be careful of it. There's something inside you that's trying to put you in a box. Whatever guilt you're feeling, whatever thing that you feel that you're to blame for, I would unload that burden. If not on us, on somebody, although we're happy to take it.",Intimidation
Deception,"Tar? I don't know. Peanut butter. It would be tar and other-- Is it a chemical thing? Well, it's a series of chemicals. Tar, amber, resin, and things that are pulled from tree sap. There are other processes where you can distill that down, along with some more crude clays, to create this kind of adhesive. If you'd like to. Yeah, I'll turn into a little gnome or something, and go around and shop, and get all the components I might need. Okay. So you can go ahead and do that. Go",Deception
Stealth,"Oh! Looks like I've got a thing! Well, I'll come back tomorrow and finish shopping here, and I will definitely not flee town today. (laughter) You say loudly as you exit the facility. The crownsguard are keeping a distance, but they're definitely trailing you from about 25, 30 feet behind. Boy. It's a cold day. I think I'll just pop up my hood and walk a little brisker. They walk a little brisker, keeping pace with you. Maybe just-- Oh look, what's that? And I'll run into an alley that way.",Perception
Perception,"tent as well and staying off the beaten path during times of rest, you manage to find some good hidden areas and no issues happen at night during the restful period. The second day goes by without issue. You do see a small grouping of merchants making their way northward with largely what is a chain of oxen. It looks like they have about 12 or so of them that are chained together and they're heading northward, having made their way through the gates, for some sort of a sale or trade. It's a curious spectacle as they come by. It's one cart and just a lot of oxen, giant horns, slowly making their way northward. As you pass around for the third day and fourth day, go ahead and make",Stealth
Arcana,"and wares back into the Empire. I just don't want to bring a cart with a magical tarp over it, that's designed for smuggling humans. Well, the tarp isn't magical. The cart is magical. Is there a way to turn off the effect? It just looks like a cart. It needs to be empty the way it looks when they poke at it. So I think we should all spill out now. We'll walk outside? Yeah. There's got to be a way to turn off the enchantment, maybe.",Arcana
Arcana,"smuggling humans. Well, the tarp isn't magical. The cart is magical. Is there a way to turn off the effect? It just looks like a cart. It needs to be empty the way it looks when they poke at it. So I think we should all spill out now. We'll walk outside? Yeah. There's got to be a way to turn off the enchantment, maybe. Make an arcana check. Is there a button? I'm probably not the person the make an",Arcana
Arcana,"Caduceus, you've got a little-- Oh yeah. That's-- Does that happen when you think really hard? What? Just on a whim do you want to try to dispel the enchantment the way you did-- Dispel? But then it won't come back! But then it won't work! It may not come back is the thought. Yeah. I kind of like having-- I have Dispel Magic, but-- What would I know about using that spell to make this go away  temporarily or for good?",Arcana
Persuasion,"You emptied the cart, but the illusion-- I've explained multiple times-- is an illusion of standard sacks and boxes. What if none of us fully understood that? Like, at all. I did. I did not. May I? Yes. There's actually nothing on the cart. This is a preventative measure against theft. You can feel free to inspect the cart yourself, if you like.",Persuasion
Deception,"watch them vanish and go like-- It's kind of neat, right? Looking back at the captain, and begin to poke forward, and you watch as their torsos vanish beyond the veil of the illusion, and pull back. ""Dualla!"" The captain approaches, and herself leans in and pulls back. ""You are not incorrect, you carry nothing on your carts. This is a curious nature of an enchantment, indeed. And you said you're heading to Nicodranas and Port Damali to acquire goods. What are you looking to acquire?"" Some simple fabrics, meats. My friends haven't sampled the cuisine down there, and I was hoping to show them a bit of the Menagerie Coast.",Deception
Perception,"thorough that time."" Oh, I figure we're not difficult faces to remember. ""All right. Stay safe."" You too. ""The boundaries-- who knows what's wandering from the dark side of Xhorhas there? Eyes on your backs. Go!"" And the crownsguard pull away, and the ones on the opposite end open the space for you guys to move your cart along. With that, you pass through the gates of the Wuyun Gorge. Do the gates look any different since the last time we were there? Scratch marks? More wear and tear?",Perception
Perception,"frustration. Some of them are currently very vehemently arguing with the crownsguard who are holding them to wait their turn. You keep your heads down and continue forward. There, you start heading into this large mountain pass. Extremely steep at certain points, where the mountains seem to be have been carved down or bisected by some ancient cataclysm, whether it be the Calamity or some great natural disaster long before that. It seems to be a very unique, singular cleft down in the center of these two mountains that breaks the mountain range between the Cyrios and the Ashkeeper. Who's keeping-- you're at the front of this? Mm-hmm.",Perception
Animal Handling,"This is like old animation where it just repeats and repeats and repeats. Kind of, yeah. So, as you guys continue pressing forward on this path-- Oh no! The rocks destroy you! There's a rock slide, you guys. The Ettins are throwing boulders at us. Go, go, go! Caduceus, that was amazing! We'd better run. And Caleb, even better. So the horses, moving forward, at a-- I tell the horses, we're going fast.",Animal Handling
Athletics,"one side and its hand reaches up to try and grab the face and it's just all sorts of discombobulated. So continue your round. You have advantage on your attacks now. I am now going to-- Don't forget to roll your extra d4 for damage, because you're big. Oh, that's right. Thanks, Caleb. Extra one point. Nine, better than eight. All right. In most countries. I am now going to attempt to, with that knee, give a full front kick and try and knock him prone. Okay.",Athletics
Athletics,"I am now going to-- Don't forget to roll your extra d4 for damage, because you're big. Oh, that's right. Thanks, Caleb. Extra one point. Nine, better than eight. All right. In most countries. I am now going to attempt to, with that knee, give a full front kick and try and knock him prone. Okay. That's an athletics check, right? Yes, so you're using an action to try and shove? Yeah, because I have advantage on",Athletics
Stealth,"that thing? This guy's going to be trashed. Oh no! All right, I'll-- He's big enough to still be in the battlefield. Okay, well then, I'm going to run up to the dead body and hide behind it. Or in it. There's not a corpse to hide into, but there's a wound that you can-- Then I'll hold my action until the other one starts moving towards us. Okay, gotcha. That ends Nott's turn. Beau, you're up. And bonus action hide back there.",Stealth
Investigation,"parts of its dead form, and within bits of the wounds that you guys had left in it from your various hacks and attacks against its body, you see bits of reddish fungus begin to pop out and fill the various wounds. Nothing too intense, it begins the process. I'm going to take a handful and give it a smell. (sniff) Mmm. Look at that, he's useful now. That's good  that's so good. Blood fungus! Ah! I'm going to go get back on the cart. Is there anything on the giant's body? Worthy of stealing?",Investigation
Perception,"From here. Jesus, we're going halfway across the world! You're traveling a long way, man. How long did it take for Caleb to come out of that? It took about a minute. A minute. I should probably stop doing that. (straining) Ugh. Can I set you down now? Okay. I'm going to set you down now. Okay. Let's go catch the cart. You guys rush up and hop into the cart, continuing your journey. For this next day or so,",Perception
Perception,"try to match the gray. Just something I add to my routine. Easy enough. As you guys come to and wake up, off the side of the main path, you glance over to the right, and you can see, from the sound of hoof prints, two carts, 30 or 40 feet off the side, heading up the road. At the front, you see a-- I wouldn't say cloaked, but hooded man with a head wrap that falls into a scarf over one shoulder, a long, gray-and-gold set of comfortable travel robes sat at the front, who's looking over in your direction. In the back of the cart, you see numerous sizes of metallic cages of some kind. Are there people in them?",Perception
Nature,"(laughter) I don't know. I don't, either. We could get them and just figure it out as we go. We could figure it out. We'll have pets. You're going to lose that puppy. It's going to blink itself off a cliff and you're never going to be the same. You're going to be devastated. No, that blink dog is cool! Just watch it die. You guys all right? Is this all on the level? I'm just going to check with the animals that everything is copacetic.",Persuasion
Animal Handling,"dope glove? No, he didn't give you the glove. He didn't give me the glove? I just have him? You could take it, though. But I've got my wraps. Yeah. Well, you have your bracers. I have awesome bracers. He's talon into forearm, let's just be honest. Does it look cool on my bracers? He looks as pissed as you look all the time. Yeah, right? Yeah? Can I pet?",Animal Handling
Stealth,"You should have it, and just keep him on your shoulder all the time. Yeah, I can train him to fly and come back to me, and be cool. Now Beau, you know a pet is a lot of responsibility. (laughter) I'm so glad that this is happening. I just want you to understand, you're going to have to feed it, take care of it, clean up after it. I know, Fjord! And I take out a little metal wire, and I add to this conversation and say, you are",Stealth
Animal Handling,"Mice, yeah. Cool. Don't let Nott find that. The other one is filled with what looks to be bits of dried jerky and dried fruit. Is that for the dog or— For the dog and/or the weasel, based on what you want to do. The cart continues northward and is out of your periphery. Are you double guns weasel and dog? I've got the weasel up here and the dog right here. What's his name? Poof? Nugget? Nugget. And we are home. Always blink to us.",Animal Handling
Insight,"weren't even near the ocean. That feels like the ocean's real dangerous to me. That could be a pituitary thing. I have never seen a sea creature in my life. There's so many. I saw a giant tentacle come out of the water one time. Right on the coast, you saw that? Yeah. A tentacle came out of the water? I saw it from my window. It was a really, really, really big tentacle. Did you really? Of course I did. Do I believe her?",Insight
Investigation,"time. As close as maybe 150 feet out, you see a small fishing ship that is on the outskirts of the southern portion of the city. Glancing off to the right to where the city docks begin, you can see dozens of ships that are in the middle of the harbor, that are coming into the harbor, many that are in the process of being anchored and then set up within the docks themselves. This eastern side you recognize as the Restless Wharf of the city and you know the harbor is broken into two different sides. I'm going to take a moment to look through the sand and rocks and see if there's anything interesting.",Investigation
Athletics,"Okay, yeah. There's the-- Do you know how to swim, Beau? Yeah. The rocks are pretty disparate amongst the shore here. There is one section where you can see a string of four rocks at different heights that eventually get to about 30 or so feet out into the shore before they disappear beneath the ocean surface. So before you even touch the water you dive on up to one of the rocks, and as you get to the top your hands hit there and you can already see the top of the rock is bleached white with seagull shit. But it's dry. Glancing over the side, you make a leap to the next one. Make an",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Ooh, not good. Dexterity check? 11. 11. It rolled exactly an 11 on its dexterity, so you manage to just capture it. It's going to attempt to snipe at you. That's a 17 to hit with the armor class. It hits! Your thumb clamps down and there's an immediate flash of pain through your body. He's bleeding so much! There's so much blood! As you're trying to shake it off, it's still whipping back and forth, holding on tightly. I'm going to go down on it with my knee. Jump up and knee down on it.",Athletics
Animal Handling,"animals are. Sprinkle is here. That's the weasel? Yes. Like on a doughnut. We did some training on the road. Yeah. I want to play fetch with Nugget, here at the beach. if you guys are doing some training, what are you training him in? I want to train Nugget to blink back to us. On a command? It's going to take you a couple hours of working with him here on the beach, but you can do",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"a professor or more like a Thaddeus and then I realized-- Why not a both? Exactly. Do you meditate for the full two hours that she's training the blink dog, or do you return to Professor Thaddeus in the cart? No, Beau could not meditate for two hours. No. I meditate for ten minutes, tops. Then I go back and-- I want to train Professor Thaddeus to come when I look regal and hold out my arm. Okay, so you stand about 50 yards from the cart and hold aloft your forearm, and attempt to find a way to coax Professor Thaddeus. Professor!",Animal Handling
Persuasion,"""Halt! What is your business in Nicodranas?"" We came to see the Ruby of the Sea perform tonight, ha! The one at the front, you can see beneath his helmet, which has these two bits of chainmail that curl open like curtains on each side of his face. He pulls them out of the way and looks forward towards the rest of the crew there. You can see his darker skin and his thick brow, it's almost like a unibrow that sits over sun-dried lips that are a bit cracked and parched. He glances forward, looks over the rest of you and goes, ""The Ruby of the Sea?"" Yeah!",Persuasion
Deception,"lips that are a bit cracked and parched. He glances forward, looks over the rest of you and goes, ""The Ruby of the Sea?"" Yeah! Make a persuasion check. I'll use the red dice for the Ruby. 15? 15? Okay. He goes, ""All right, and where do you hail from?"" We hail from Port Damali. Port Damali is from the other side, but it's fine. He goes, ""All right. It's roundabout. And ""you are?"" I am Fiona Fancypants! Theater critic extraordinaire!",Persuasion
Perception,"lower part of the continent? Yeah, along the Menagerie Coast, Port Damali is the westernmost port city, which is why it's the largest here. It's the major hub of trade between all the western bits of civilization-- Tal'Dorei, Marquet, Issylra-- with the port town Nicodranas being the furthest east. The two of those mark the two endpoints, the bookends of the Menagerie Coast. There are a few other port towns in between, but they're smaller by comparison, and Nicodranas is about half the size of Port Damali. Right. As we're walking through to make it to Jester's mom's place, any familiar faces catching eyes?",Perception
History,"A lot of money has gone into its construction, and the closer you get to it, you can see that maybe it's not in the best of upkeep. But what you do notice is that the presence of Zolezzo is very strong. There's probably about 20 or more zolezzo that are in the process of keeping an eye on the vicinity, walking around the boundaries of the exterior of the Demesne. You can see eight or so that are stationed at the front, and a few that are walking along the upper parapets or high walls, keeping an eye down on the street. Does it seem like the same amount that's always been there? Yeah. It can vary, but you get the sense--",History
Investigation,"(laughter) Had some better days in the '80s. All right, Steven. So you-- Russian accent. Vague. My name is Sheagal. Okay. (Sean Connery voice) Steven Seagal. You cannot mix those two impressions together. It's too dangerous. (Sean Connery voice) I suddennly remembered my Charlemagne. (normal voice) Doesn't work. Doesn't work. The two of you make your way back to the Restless Wharf. You're searching for the Wharfmaster, specifically? Make an",Deception
Deception,"whispering. The dwarf puts his hand up for a second and finishes making a couple measurements and then, ""Huh. All right."" He jumps off his small stool and comes over with heavy footsteps across the wooden, creaking floor now extending over the wharf. He approaches the edge of the counter across from you and goes, ""Right, so you've summoned me to you. What can I do to help you?"" I'm sorry, we're quite new in town, unfortunately, my companion and I. We are from Port Damali, where we are trying to put down our business roots here. I'm sorry, does Vandren and his crew, do they make shipments here regularly? It's one of my return clients.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"sheets of paper and pulls it out for a second and looks at it. ""We currently have eight dock spaces not spoken for that are available for rent, if ""that is your interest. Depending on the size of the vessel, of course."" Seems like a lot of dock spaces. Have a lot of openings? Business been slow? ""No, we've just had a lot of ships leave recently. There is a lot of movement in and out."" Oh sure. Just curious. One other thing, we heard a gentleman over at the bar speaking, and someone called out to him, ""Marius LePual."" Does that ring-- how do you say that name?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"(knocking louder) The louder one seems to echo a bit, and after another minute or so of waiting, you hear this faint creaking sound. It's haunted! It's a robot. It gets louder and louder until eventually, the small door opens and you see this really shriveled woman's face. These beady, little, dark eyes peeking through and goes, ""Can I help you?"" Are you Gladys? ""I am."" I think we're supposed to talk. My name's Caduceus. Mother sent me.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"there's actually a spyglass leaning against the edge She goes, ""I see a lot ""that goes on in this city."" Do you perhaps see the thing beneath the city? ""No. But I know there are things beneath it."" I fear that he may be in contact with something inappropriate. Do you see where he goes? ""There are a couple of places, I believe."" Do you know where he lives? ""I do not know where he lives."" Can I look through your spyglass please? Wait, tell us where--",Persuasion
Stealth,"Yeah, above you. That was a long walk, though. This is an awkward goodbye. You're not ganking that telescope. I'm not trying to gank the telescope. She's trying to get in the boob. Maybe I am. What are you trying to do? Well, I wanted to-- before she started ushering us out-- to Invoke Duplicity. And make it look like I was in front her but really stay behind. Oh boy. This is going to end poorly.",Stealth
Investigation,"wide surrounding it. No buildings are buttressed against it. It seems to be solitary amongst the rest of the constructed buildings here. Like people deliberately trying to stay away from it? The folks that are walking in the streets nearby tend to walk on the opposite side of the road. No bodies of water, pools, lakes, decorative? Nope. It's just ground. It's built in the center of this district, and everything's either built or shaped around it. Does it look like it's been there for a really long damn time?",Investigation
Acrobatics,"I absolutely would love it. Okay, I want to see if I can boost off of Fjord and maybe get up to this tower. Does it look like these are bricks that can-- 25 feet is pretty far. It's very high. Wait, 25 feet, 45 feet? 25 feet's a lot. This is the world's largest mimic. No, and to help the visual thing, I said 100 feet wide diameter. That's a bit wide for what I was originally thinking. It's about maybe 60 feet. In diameter. But can I climb up to the balcony? That's your estimation from this fore point.",Acrobatics
Investigation,"dive, right? It's a low-life area. I thought The Skew was the low-life area. No, The Skew is a place where you can live. Yeah, it's a heavily residential district for the more affordable and cheaper residents. Is the Quay inside The Skew? No. The Meandering Treasurer? The Meandering Treasurer is a shop. Is a shop. Is there a bar?",Investigation
Persuasion,"perhaps, cherie."" Judging by your physique though you must be quite excellent on the water. ""Yeah, I'd say so."" I'm sure you're an asset to any vessel. Now that I've buttered you up-- how about-- have you ever heard of Marius LePual? ""Why you asking?"" Oh! ""If I m-might inquire."" Well as one green to another, we were just told that he might be around and he has some information that we were looking for. We are actually trying to deliver him a bit of correspondence.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"""(laughs) M-M-Marius ain't really what you'd call sea-trekking folk. More of a slimy, shadow ""word peddler. However, last time I saw him not but maybe a week ago, I recall he was complaining. ""Waiting on something to be delivered. Never found its way around. Was getting real-- that boy owes a ""lot of money."" I'll have to say that we might be the answer he's looking for. We're removed from the actual situation. We're more delivery by happenstance more than anything else. We have our own questions and problems and concerns which can only be answered by someone who has a better grasp of the situation.",Persuasion
Insight,"woman, probably late 40s, early 50s or so, with a very big mass of hair that goes from a dark brown, to a gray, to white at the tips, almost like a mane. Dark skin, looks weathered from lots of travel and probably seen quite a bit in her day. A light brown coat that hangs over the edge of the chair she's sitting in. They're all looking at you guys because you all come storming in here, cause this ruckus, talking to the tortle. I have a dog that's peeing on shit. Yeah, you guys aren't the most subtle of arrivals. Is she giving us a quizzical look, a suspicious look, an interested look?",Insight
Insight,"It's just called the Sluice. Oh yeah, that's right. That's where the guy that's causing the problem is, but it seems super complicated. We got to find out some info. Yeah. Do you know anyone who knows how to get down to the Sluice Weave, or has ever been there, by any chance? ""What are you talking about?"" I don't actually know what I'm talking about, to be fair. ""I don't either, my apologies. I don't know."" Insight?",Insight
History,"""Yeah, half-elf fella? Yeah, he was in here a few months back when I was last docked in Nicodranas. Working with that lowlife, Cadmus. Haven't seen him since, though."". Cadmus, you said? ""Cadmus Leeland. You know Cadmus Leeland?"" The name rings a bell. ""He's a right fuckface, I'll tell you that."" A few months, you say? ""Yeah."" Capnis or Cadmus? Cadmus. Does the name ring a bell?",History
Perception,"being unloaded and is busy on that end. Not that far off of it, the next dock that shoots out and turns to the right, there looks like there's a couple of anchored ships there. It's a little less busy, looks like they're currently moored there and not a lot of folks are doing business on or around the ships, other than just keeping a watch on the docks themselves. Should I secure us a rowboat? Is that something you can do? Pretty sure I can. Then yeah! Is there a ship shack, or something that would lease vessels?",Perception
Insight,"take my hair-- Yeah, but you don't have hair on the side of your head, so. (laughter) Well, here. I'll just use this side, right? Yep. Give it the old-- Yeah! Fierce. Is that good? Does that work? Yep. Yeah. Do I find the most insecure-looking guy and then use that? I like it, go with it. All right, I go to the most insecure-looking guy.",Insight
Persuasion,"some help. You can see his eyes roll and he goes, ""What can I do to help you, then?"" Well, you see, I'm from out of town-- I'm Tracy, by the way. What's your name? He sighs heavily and reaches out and finally takes the hand. He goes, ""Hello, I am Zolezzo Merpol."" Merpol, hi. It's just, you know, I'm here and I'm trying to get the true Nicodranas experience while I'm in town and, you know, I just, I've heard rumors from people, you know, about this thing called the Sluice Weave. And you know, I would just love to see it, see if it's real, you know?",Persuasion
Perception,"ocean! ""Yeah, there's two or three, I think, that are right down off the side-- Here, come here."" And he leads you over. We're all just aghast. Just like-- I turn to Fjord and I go (gagging sound). (laughs) He leads you over across the dock for a bit. And he points down in the water and goes, ""I think somewhere in this vicinity there is sort of the intake tube or pipe, where the ocean ""water is brought in to the Sluice ducts."" Sounds like it's got a lot of suction in the intake.",Investigation
Stealth,"boat, the two of you, I think you said you're staying off to the side? Jester and Fjord? I guess so. We're getting into the water and we'll just either hold on to the back, or if we have rope on the dock, I'll just tie four foot-- Yeah, there's extra rope available. So you guys swim beneath as it continues off through the water. As we're untying the boat-- Right? It's tied up? As we're untying the boat, I'm going to hide behind a pillar. Okay. Do we see her?",Athletics
Perception,"And I have my hand on Nott's shoulder, doing that thing. Okay. So, there is a circular pipe entrance or a tunnel entrance 40 feet down, right as the water gets darker and more murky. Bits of clustered seaweed begin to come up and tickle the bottoms of Frumpkin's tentacles in that vicinity. Elements of it are blocking the front, but you can clearly see there is a dark tunnel that continues into the earth, beneath the city, beneath the docks. You don't know how far it goes, necessarily. Do Frumpkin and I see anything alive or moving down here?",Perception
Investigation,"that one continues on for a bit. Muttering all this as it happens. Is there any air between the water and the grate? There is no air between the water and the grate. This is all water. Yeah. It's all water up, and then there's the grate, and then it turns into this tunnel that continues inward, and there's about a foot of water beyond that, and then there's air from that point. I'm going to speed him back to the first grate, and have him took for the locking mechanism if there is one.",Athletics
Investigation,"14? You can still mutter the incantation underwater. (gurgling) I think you said last campaign that you can hold the air for one spell, possibly. Yeah, in the process of casting a spell, if you're holding your breath, that's your breath. (garbled) Go fuck yourself. That's the way to do it. Looking, there is no locking mechanism. The grate isn't one that opens and closes. it's not a door, it's just in place. Okay. So he will swirl away and go back to the second and do the same look around.",Investigation
Perception,"Yeah, in the process of casting a spell, if you're holding your breath, that's your breath. (garbled) Go fuck yourself. That's the way to do it. Looking, there is no locking mechanism. The grate isn't one that opens and closes. it's not a door, it's just in place. Okay. So he will swirl away and go back to the second and do the same look around. Another investigation check. Ja. While he's doing that, can I pop my head underwater and look around, just make sure there's no-- anything coming around?",Investigation
Perception,"seem to be placed there intentionally for an indefinite period of time. Okay. All right, buddy. 17. 17? You see a number of fish swirling through the various bits of kelp and seaweed that are pushing up from the bottom of the bay below. It's beautiful. You can see the colors and glistening bits of silver as the fish curl through the sunlight, but nothing catches your attention as dangerous in your immediate vicinity, thankfully. Could I look to see if anyone's watching us out on the shore?",Perception
Athletics,"another tunnel continues on, almost like this is just a waypoint chamber. On the right side, you maybe a foot and a half, two feet across, with a more dense cross-lattice of bars. Not able for Frumpkin to squeeze through that, I'm guessing. Frumpkin's size? How big of an octopus is Frumpkin? An octopus, I'd say it would be about that big. I'm imagining I am not summoning a gigantic octopus. But octopuses can squeeze through some pretty small spaces. Yeah, so I'd say make an",Athletics
Perception,"Looks like basic stonework, it has a slight curvature to it but it's probably placed in here either as a load bearing piece since this is beneath a heavier city or-- It doesn't look remarkable or have any other purpose beyond just being a support pillar. Are Frumpkin and I able to tell if this goes water all the way to the ceiling of this chamber or is it water with air above? Or it's all water? The water only goes up to a foot, and then it's air for the rest of it. It's about ten or so feet tall, the chamber. Okay. Is there anything out of the ordinary if he pokes his head up out of the water?",Perception
Athletics,"(squealing) (splash) Going under water, you hear the-- (still squealing) The diminishing squeak as it slowly vanishes beneath the surface. Caduceus and Caleb sitting up in the ship with a weasel and a puppy. Oh no, the animals! I'm holding the weasel! Oh god! No, it's going to die! We got to get rid of them at some point! No! I don't want it to die! Let it happen! Let it happen! (laughter) So, as Beau swims-- now Beau, go ahead and",Athletics
Athletics,"beneath the surface. Caduceus and Caleb sitting up in the ship with a weasel and a puppy. Oh no, the animals! I'm holding the weasel! Oh god! No, it's going to die! We got to get rid of them at some point! No! I don't want it to die! Let it happen! Let it happen! (laughter) So, as Beau swims-- now Beau, go ahead and make an athletics check for me because you are technically carrying two passengers. That weasel is about to die! Oh, my god.",Athletics
Persuasion,"water, if you want to just hang out here and hope that everything goes okay or if you've got a preference. But, I'll tell you what. You can hop on with me if want to go with us on this adventure. If you'd rather just sit here, I'll leave you a little food and we'll probably be back in a couple of hours. You're speaking in Sylvan, correct? Yeah, of course. Ja, I'm listening in Sylvan. So you just want to hang I guess? It's just sitting in the boat, looks over the edge ""(whining)."" You want to come with me?",Persuasion
Perception,"whining) (poof) and then appears into the small pocket in your arm. Hold your breath on the count of three. In Sylvan, Caleb says, If it goes wrong, pup, you know, bamf out and in and maybe that'll buy you a little more time. Oh you'll be fine, we'll just give you a little-- I can just give you a little tap if anything goes wrong. I don't care, let's go. (splash) I'm going to slow my breathing, I'm going to take one last look around to see if anyone notices any of the commotion that we're causing.",Perception
Perception,"pocket in your arm. Hold your breath on the count of three. In Sylvan, Caleb says, If it goes wrong, pup, you know, bamf out and in and maybe that'll buy you a little more time. Oh you'll be fine, we'll just give you a little-- I can just give you a little tap if anything goes wrong. I don't care, let's go. (splash) I'm going to slow my breathing, I'm going to take one last look around to see if anyone notices any of the commotion that we're causing. Perception check.",Perception
Perception,"pup, you know, bamf out and in and maybe that'll buy you a little more time. Oh you'll be fine, we'll just give you a little-- I can just give you a little tap if anything goes wrong. I don't care, let's go. (splash) I'm going to slow my breathing, I'm going to take one last look around to see if anyone notices any of the commotion that we're causing. Perception check. Perception check. I really should have left the puppy with my mom.",Perception
Athletics,"Perception check. Perception check. I really should have left the puppy with my mom. Yeah, my perception check was bad for me, which is an 11. Looking around, no one, in particular, seems to be paying much mind to what your business is. I've slowed my breathing, I've calmed myself and I'm just going to take a very gentle dive and move in. And we tied the boat, yeah? I think so. Yeah, we tied the boat.",Perception
Athletics,"Yeah, my perception check was bad for me, which is an 11. Looking around, no one, in particular, seems to be paying much mind to what your business is. I've slowed my breathing, I've calmed myself and I'm just going to take a very gentle dive and move in. And we tied the boat, yeah? I think so. Yeah, we tied the boat. I will ask you to make an athletics check because you are swimming mostly with one arm and your legs, as you are cradling the puppy with the other.",Athletics
Athletics,"past that point, look up, you push off. Oh god! You're tired, your lungs are starting to hurt from just the amount of effort it's taking to go this distance with one arm and your legs kicking. You've waded in the ponds near the graveyard-- Never done this before. You're not a practiced swimmer. Yeah do you have hooves? I can thankfully hold my breath a long time. Correct, the puppy though-- The puppy is having-- am I feeling a twitch, or is it having a--?",Athletics
Insight,"I'll put him in my hood and stuff and warm up. He curls up in there. Where's Caleb? Yeah I'm here. I would have beat Caduceus here, because he was struggling. I'm so proud of you! You made it all this way. I just had a feeling overcome me, that I was-- I've never done anything like that before. Do you know what the good news is? You're going to have that feeling for the next seven hours and 50 minutes. It's not real, is it? (laughing)",Perception
Perception,"Nine. 12. (exertion noise) You get the sense-- first off, your fingers are sore and your arms are strained from the two previous exerts that you've given. And you've done impressive things, but you get the sense that this is probably-- because it's smaller, it's wedged into a little tighter in the small tunnel. The actual tunnel there is maybe about a foot across, a foot and a half across. Most of you would not even fit through it, but you're unable to get it to budge at all. Can we see through it at all? What's in there?",Perception
Investigation,"more of a-- Looking around, it resembles a subterranean sewer, it's mostly just stone and masonry that's slick from the moisture. And the air itself is very humid down here. There is a lot of moisture that gathers across the stone, and there's streaks of color and minerals that have gathered on the walls over time. You still have the taste of the brine in your mouth from your time under the ocean, but the air in here is still also very ocean-like and salty. Does it seem like water is ever up along the walls, or does it seem like the water is always at the level it's at?",Investigation
Perception,"if there's any writing on the wall? 18. Looking at it, there are certain markers and the levels that say that there have at times been different levels of water in here, but it doesn't seem often enough, like certain levels of minerals and sediment that you can see. But a lot of them seem older, and haven't been reached in a while. Okay, I think we're safe. You're looking for writing? You don't see any writing. No type of directional marks? Any type of, using my background, any types of Thieves' Cant for smuggling?",Perception
Investigation,"out with both of its fists towards Jester. As it strikes her, its midsection just turns into bits of foam and sea water as it splashes against her armor and shield. I hate water! Fjord, I am your dream! Yeah. See? No big deal. (panting heavily) Big deal! Water's your friend. Water is terrible. It tried to kill us! It actively wants to kill us! Are there any drains on the floor as we walk around? As you glance around, keeping an eye out,",Investigation
Perception,Yeah. I am ripped to fuck. How many stones do you weigh? So many. What size are the stones? Just curious. They're a pound each. What are you talking about? I'm talking about-- What? Perhaps we should continue. I just tap the stone. Ten hit points. Wait. Is he ten stones? Where does this tunnel go? Where does that next tunnel go? The other one? The one that had to be there? Go ahead and,Investigation
Nature,"Splash, splash, splash. Yasha, you do it. Okay. I got a five. It's a lot of water ahead. And some walls. It's just a lot of water and I think just more stone walls. Nothing treacherous? That's very astute. I don't think it's bad. Is there an intense discoloration, maybe, of the mold underneath the grate? Is it a different kind of-- Oh, on the smaller one, you mean? Yeah.",Investigation
Investigation,"Make a nature check. I'm going to kick through the barrel while he's doing that. Did I find a gold? It breaks fairly easy. The wood is very soaked and warped. And as your foot breaks through it, it's now up to the knee inside of the barrel. Doesn't shatter, you're now stuck with your leg partially in a barrel. You're so good. And you guys already checked the pillar for any-- We looked around for writing and stuff, but. Can I give the pillar a look-see?",Investigation
Animal Handling,"So Caleb's in the very back. Yeah. Who's next, Nott, or? I think Beau is offering to not let me fall, faceplant. I'm right next to him. Okay. And Nugget's going to run up and try to bite and play with Frumpkin. Okay. So as you're making your way through the water, this puppy is trying to dog paddle from the foot and a half of water ""(whimpering)."" Oh shit, it's a foot and a half. Nugget, come back here. Blink to me, darling, blink to me!",Animal Handling
Perception,"You didn't have to buy it. I know we didn't! Jester, you're starting to smell like Caleb. (gasps) Wet dog and wet weasel. All over your neck. I'll take a really good bath when we get back. We move on. Your knee smells bad. Oh no! Yeah, you stank. No! Moving forward. Caleb is laughing quietly in the dark.",Perception
Stealth,"can see the interior of this chamber and the display that Caleb had described. Caduceus, as you guys are stepping up, you hear this faint echoing sound emerging from the upper left hallway. You see a very faint bit of light coming, and you hear talking. This is through Frumpkin? No, this is Caduceus. I cast Pass Without a Trace. Do I have that? I do. Yeah, I cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us. I'm casting Mage Armor. We're going to stealth, right? Because I just cast it on all of us.",Stealth
Stealth,"see a very faint bit of light coming, and you hear talking. This is through Frumpkin? No, this is Caduceus. I cast Pass Without a Trace. Do I have that? I do. Yeah, I cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us. I'm casting Mage Armor. We're going to stealth, right? Because I just cast it on all of us. Roll some stealth checks. Plus ten? Yeah, and I give Caduceus the Blessing of the Trickster.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"Sick, Matt. Sick. Turn that down just a little bit, there. So, guys-- Ooh! (laughter) It was worth it for me. It was worth it. Thank you for being patient on that one. We're so happy! So worth it! Beau, what are you doing? Okay. I want to do some parkour, awesome dope monk shit, and be like (repeating) bink. And see if I can get to here, 40 feet? Okay, go for it. Can I do that?",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Here, you said? Yeah, that's good. Do I-- Fuck, but that doesn't give me-- Fuck butt? Fuck butt. Do I have any more movement? (counting) 25? Can I still try and go further one? With my 45 feet of movement? Let's say from there-- It's a lot of movement, but it's also running off of walls that don't really-- To land off of it you're going to have to land this way. I'm thinking trajectory-wise. Okay I've gone (counting) 20, arguably 25 to 30. Can I just then try and get here?",Acrobatics
Arcana,"It says, ""You can control the hand."" But I don't know if that means-- The hand can move 30 feet each time you use it, so it can move and do something. Okay. So who has the necklace? Zsa Zsa? Zsundie? Has a necklace on, but Algar has a bracelet on that's controlling it. I can't see Algar, but Zsundie is the-- It's right there, yeah. He's wearing a necklace? I will bonus action try to steal his necklace. All right. Go ahead and roll an arcana check.",Arcana
Acrobatics,"Have any of you heard of Marius LePual? (laughter) What're you doing, Beau? I'm going to risk the hit and take the dash. All right. So it's going to swing towards you. That is going to be an 18 to hit. Miss! Whoosh, just past you. So my jump distance is also doubled for the turn. Can I be like, parkour, parkour, and jump. I'm going to try and jump up here. Okay, it's still your movement. So if you're wanting to leap off and parkour? All right, so we'll say that's about 20 feet to get there. Go",Acrobatics
Persuasion,"Where am I? Right there. You can stand up. I'm going to move that way again, past over here. Around Yasha. Algar? Algar is-- No, the Szundie. He's after me. Fuck. I will yell to-- what is it, Szundi? Szundie. Szundie? Junji? I will yell to Szundie, we didn't want to hurt you! We respect and fear water! Look, my feet won't even sink into it, I fear it so much! I bow before you!",Persuasion
Stealth,"fear it so much! I bow before you! Make a persuasion check. Come on! Come on, Nott! Yeah! 11! (laughter) Unmoved, your words fall upon deaf ears as a focused, semi-ethereal water-based elemental entity is steady, his eyes filled with driven command and murder. Anything else you want to do? Bonus action hide! So he's thinking about it? He's thinking about it. Hmm? Bonus action hide! Okay. Go ahead and curl around there. Go",Stealth
Athletics,"standing over Algar who's (panting) on the ground, scooting away. (out of breath) I made it! I'm here! Okay. What do I-- Okay, I'm going to-- I go over to Algar and I do the MMA thing and I put my knee right to his face and I pin him down. Ooh, yeah. Okay. He's now pinned against the wall, your knee against the jaw and the chin  he's choking against the pressure. Bracelet! And I'm going to just full-on grapple him down and hold him for my action. Pull his bracelet off!",Athletics
Athletics,"against the pressure. Bracelet! And I'm going to just full-on grapple him down and hold him for my action. Pull his bracelet off! Make an athletics check. Oh oh! Oh, can I pull his bracelet off? Eh. (meta-gaming pigeon coos) Come on! You had to remember. Make an athletics check. But it was in my head! But it was in my head!",Athletics
Intimidation,"Zsundie is floating towards the back of the chamber, towards where they are. What do you do? Fjord, is he with you? I'm pointing at the spectral guy. He is. So I shouldn't kill him? I don't think so. Might be unwise. You all right, man? Yeah, I want that bracelet. I'll reach down and pick it up. Okay. You pick the bracelet and Algar's like, (groaning, pained panting). I'll hold it in front of his face. You used this to control that?",Intimidation
Medicine,"He might be dead. Algar? Yeah. I'll give him a little cheek slap. He's definitely passed out. He's not dead, but there is a large amount of blood coming out of his severed stump. I stand next to Caleb and poke his biceps. Ooh! Guys need any help? Should we-- I'll tear off a sheet of ribbon off of my sleeve and I'll wrap it around his forearm like a tight tourniquet.",Medicine
Investigation,"Well, I'm going to double check here, but I think if he succeeds in the save he's immune to it for 24 hours. I could be wrong. Let me double check here. Has it been 24 hours yet? Yeah, you can wait 24 hours and then come back to it. Let's just sit here until it's Crash Pandas tomorrow. I'll lean over to Nott and say: Nott, do me a favor and make sure he's not carrying anything fancy in his pockets. I'm going to rifle through all of his pockets with lightning speed agility of hand.",Perception
Intimidation,"Yeah, not LePual. No. Demesne. Fjord, ask him if knowledge of that water creature that was here and is gone now, if that is known all the way to the top, or is it his bag, or-- The creature that was here and the magic used to control him, is that something that you brought to the table, or was that a device given to you and known in the higher ranks of government? He's resisting answering. I dig that finger into his pressure point a little harder.",Intimidation
Intimidation,"trouble. Especially, I imagine, if they start looking into everything you did with that kind of power. I mean, having access to that kind of creature, I can't imagine that you were on the up-and-up about everything you did. Especially if you start to admit that you did it all yourself. I'll use Mask of Many Faces to look just like him. People have got to have to start asking questions, serious questions. You hear his head hit the stone once more. ""Who the fuck are you?"" (as Algar) Who the fuck are you?",Intimidation
Investigation,"fool in any way, we will tear you asunder before you can say ""Ow."" ""I understand."" Do you still look like him? Yeah. Wait, wait, wait. Is this your office? ""This is my office, yeah."" These people will know this is your office? ""The few that I work with, yes."" Got it. Thank you. (southern accent) I mean, got it, thank you. Caleb, did you find anything? I don't know, did I find anything?",Investigation
Investigation,"I'm going to take one and study it. Are you right-handed or left-handed? Well, now he's right-handed. But two hours ago, were you right-handed or left-handed? ""I was left-handed."" Ooh. That's a bitch. He'll never play piano. Hey, I'm left-handed. I'm looking for anywhere where there might be a secret stash or something that looks off-kilter or a little odd in here, somewhere where he might be hiding something.",Investigation
Perception,"far away, is the old fisherman you had spoken to earlier that you had borrowed it from. You gather your things out of it and he comes over and is like, ""Well, I appreciate you bringing this back."" It's no problem. I think I've had enough ocean for a while. That was-- ""No such thing. No such thing!'"" Have a good day! ""You too, tall one."" What do we do now? I turn around and I look at the city. Do I notice... commerce? Does it look like things are slowing down?",Perception
Perception,"What do we do now? I turn around and I look at the city. Do I notice... commerce? Does it look like things are slowing down? Make a perception check. Are we now Bane? Well, that was a garbage roll. Seven. That's terrible. It looks like the city. I mean, at this point in the day, it's getting a little later. The sky is starting to get a bit-- maybe the oranges of dusk are starting to peek in a little bit. You maybe have another hour or so of daylight. Do I see Merpol anywhere?",Perception
Arcana,"your way back to the Open Quay. Heading towards the tower, you can see, as you approach, based on whatever illusory enchantment finds your vision, you can see as it seems to grow the closer you get to it, to the point where it's massively towering when you're right below it. Still no sign of a door, at first glance. You still have the 20-foot-up or so balcony and a few other windows up that way. You can see the top two windows have, now that it's gotten darker, you can there's a little bit of a firelight glow at the very top of it. Have I ever read about anything like this? A building that seems to shift in size.",Perception
Perception,"you can see as it seems to grow the closer you get to it, to the point where it's massively towering when you're right below it. Still no sign of a door, at first glance. You still have the 20-foot-up or so balcony and a few other windows up that way. You can see the top two windows have, now that it's gotten darker, you can there's a little bit of a firelight glow at the very top of it. Have I ever read about anything like this? A building that seems to shift in size. Make an arcana check. Can I look around and see if the city seems like it's being affected at all by the no power?",Perception
Animal Handling,"way, and there's a coat rack where Professor Thaddeus is sitting on there, staring at him. As you enter the chamber-- Hey. ""Oh, hey."" Is my bird okay? You can see there's some scratches on his cheek. ""Yeah, he's fine. Just watching him right there."" Uh-huh. You didn't traumatize him, did you? I think not? Hard to feed these. Yeah, I know. I grab the food that I just took from my plate and I'm like, ""Thaddeus, come. Thaddeus?""",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"found a brief perch up into the roof chamber. Oh, you've all seen an owl before, shut up! I think they're worried about the-- (whistles) It'll be fine. Caleb summons Frumpkin the octopus and I rub his head like a Bond villain, staring at Beau. Squeaks like a balloon. I'm going to pull one of the beetles out of my staff and say, ""Professor, you want a snack?"" I hold it up. You're holding the beetle? Yeah.",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"Maybe. The weasel and the owl? No, the weasel's staying with me. I know, it's such a temptation. I know, I want to eat that weasel so bad! Are we going to go down to the docks? Yeah. Is it almost midnight? Yeah, it's getting close. About 11, 11:20. Yeah. Let's go. Mm-hmm. All right. I try-- Professor Thaddeus! You want to come?",Animal Handling
Perception,"of view, the creaking of wet wood filling the air as the docks shift and the number of boats that are currently moored to the center of the harbor creak from side to side as the water comes in. Every now and then, you see the slow glowing beam of the Lighthouse pass overhead about once a minute or so. It's a very slow moving, pulsing rhythm. Now ships of varying sizes sit across the dock spread, tied to their various posts, all seemingly lightless and lifeless in their slumber. There's no one doing any sort of evening work on these ships at this hour. You see a handful of zolezzo patrolling up and down the sides of the dock doing their rounds, no urgency or direction",Perception
Stealth,"I mean, it's pretty quiet. Other than that guy hiding over there by the shipping crates, there's really nothing to see. Is he blond? Is he a blond half-elf? It's really dark. I don't know. Other than that, there's nothing really happening. There's a guy darting. Should I go dart after him? Ooh. Yes. Are we playing darts? Wait, do you want-- Blessing of the Trickster! Ah! What does that do?",Stealth
Stealth,"feet from where he's sitting. I wonder what he's waiting for. Yeah. Looks like someone that's waiting for a handoff if I've seen them. I wonder how much he paid to bribe the guard. Apparently five gold is a great going rate. That's true. That's what we did. Yeah. Huh. Seeing as there's no guard, I'm going to dart over towards where he's hiding, but not right on him or anything, across the way.",Stealth
Perception,"Stealth? 17. Okay. You make your way over to the side of the docks on the opposite end and there's a little step up from this edge of the street and you have a few buildings begin to give way. The road ends and there are bits of it that break off and fall off the short cliffs into the water. There's the docking crane to your left on a bigger piece of the dock that's out of the way, but it's blocking a lot of the view on this side. The ship that this figure is focused on and the crates that he's by on one side. You get to the other and keeping quiet. You don't think you've been noticed. Mm-hmm. Okay.",Perception
Perception,"Okay. You make your way over to the side of the docks on the opposite end and there's a little step up from this edge of the street and you have a few buildings begin to give way. The road ends and there are bits of it that break off and fall off the short cliffs into the water. There's the docking crane to your left on a bigger piece of the dock that's out of the way, but it's blocking a lot of the view on this side. The ship that this figure is focused on and the crates that he's by on one side. You get to the other and keeping quiet. You don't think you've been noticed. Mm-hmm. Okay. Make a perception check.",Perception
Perception,"this is happening, there are a few of those torch poles set up and there's one at each dock nexus. The one by that ship the light flickers out. Motherfuckers. Well, that's a thing. You guys see that? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't see that, and you're not close enough to hear any of this. You see as a handful of figures seemed to have come out of that ship, walked across the gangplank and put that torchlight out. I think something's happening. What do the figures look like?",Perception
Acrobatics,"between that and the dock where the figures are stepping up. They're meeting right where that gangplank is and where that torch was snuffed. Hey, Fjord? You've got that fancy armor that helps you float. Do you think maybe you could get underneath the docks? Overhear something? Yeah, I like that. I'll run and-- staying a good distance in-- I'll drop off the docks under the water and start swimming. SEAL team. All right. Go ahead and make a-- How do I want to do this? That's your autobiography title! There you go. I walked into that one. Make",Perception
Performance,"That's your autobiography title! There you go. I walked into that one. Make an acrobatics check for me, Fjord. No splash, no splash! Ten points! Five. (splashing) The figures all of a sudden all stop and turn, as well as the one who was talking, and they all look in your direction. I use Thaumaturgy to make a dolphin sound. Yes, yes! Yes, queen, yes! Night dolphins! (dolphin chittering) Thaumaturgy-- it's not so much an audio mimicry spell, but you can make certain sounds",Performance
Deception,"start looking over towards the initial figure that you were following and are looking really aggressive towards them. The figure's hands are up and are like-- (stammering). There's this heated conversation going. The figures in the ship are getting things at the ready that you can't see, but it looks like they are very much on guard. The two that were talking, one of them grabs the scruff of the figure and holds him there, while the other one, blade drawn, begins to approach the edge of the dock where that noise came from. I turn to Caleb and I go: There! I threw our engagement ring and our life and I fed it to the rabies dolphins! It's over, okay?! It's over!",Deception
Deception,"and are like-- (stammering). There's this heated conversation going. The figures in the ship are getting things at the ready that you can't see, but it looks like they are very much on guard. The two that were talking, one of them grabs the scruff of the figure and holds him there, while the other one, blade drawn, begins to approach the edge of the dock where that noise came from. I turn to Caleb and I go: There! I threw our engagement ring and our life and I fed it to the rabies dolphins! It's over, okay?! It's over! Make a deception check. I like that your ring made a (loud splashing).",Deception
Persuasion,"Tell us about your patron, Fjord. (laughter) He smells of lavender and vanilla. Oh my god, amazing. I love it. What is the-- 30 feet. Well, I was going to say, the Misty Step, is it on a short rest or a long rest that it gets back? It is every short or long rest. Gotcha, perfect. With my action, I will use Thunder Step. Well, I'll reach out and grab towards Marius and say, come with us, and cast Thunder Step. He has to be willing to come with.",Persuasion
Stealth,"sneak attack damage. Yeah! (counting) 21 points of damage! 21 points of damage. You watch as he goes from this arrogant, watching you flounder in front of him as he takes the blows and keeps grinning, suddenly double over as the bolt is now deeply buried into his abdomen. Yeah, that was a pretty tough hit. He's hurt! Then I will, bonus action, jump in that box-- (laughter) --and hide. Oh, that's so cute.",Stealth
Athletics,"(laughter) She slips on some slick dock wood and slides right into him. It's a rough night out here in Nicodranas. (laughter) There we go. Fucking power plants are shutting down-- There you go. You're up on the gangplank with him now. Can I grab him and tackle him down behind these barrels? Can I try and drag him back? You can use your action to grapple, if you want to. I do that.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Would it help make full speed when it comes back to Beau's turn if she's assisting? Can they double pull? Can she go, and then I assist on my turn? I'll allow it. Yeah. I guess do you want me to roll to grapple? Yes, because he is resisting amongst her grapple as well, and it's harder to do that. 15 plus her natural strength. Yeah. All right, now it's Marius's turn. He's going to attempt to break free, now that he's full of mind and he's freaking out. ""What's he--",Acrobatics
Athletics,"I'll allow it. Yeah. I guess do you want me to roll to grapple? Yes, because he is resisting amongst her grapple as well, and it's harder to do that. 15 plus her natural strength. Yeah. All right, now it's Marius's turn. He's going to attempt to break free, now that he's full of mind and he's freaking out. ""What's he-- what's going--?"" Make an acrobatics check against your athletics. Technically, since you're both grappling, either you or Yasha can make the check, and it's with advantage, I'll say, because you're both holding.",Athletics
Persuasion,"feet more, so you leap down onto his crumpled unconscious body, and his other friend is going to pull back to try and take a shot while he's backing up towards the back portion of the ship. I go: Melee range, you can't do it! And then a 19? That'll hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Big money. Okay! Nine. Die! Die! And so he-- You (impact sound), and he falls unconscious onto the ground. I turn to Marius and I say ""The Gentleman sent us? Gentleman? You a Gentleman?"" He's like (startled gasping). Make a",Persuasion
Persuasion,"No, no. Hold on. Marius moves past Yasha. Do I get an attack of bitch slapping? He gets up to the top of the edge of the ship. And... let me roll for him to see if-- that's actually pretty good, okay. He glances about the scenario, takes in his chances and what's happening, and stands up and goes, ""Hold! Hold please! This is a big misunderstanding! ""Let's talk this out!"" To us, or everybody? To the guards. For the sake of this, I'm going to have one of you guys roll for him. Who wants to roll his-- I will roll.",Persuasion
Athletics,"I hate water! (laughter) Nott, what are you doing? Is anything constraining our movement? Is the gangplank in our way? Or are we unfettered at this point? As far as you know, the gangplank is resting on there. You don't know if it's connected at all. We're starting to drift a little? You're starting to drift a little bit. The wind has picked up a little bit. Okay. Then I will run up and tackle Marius to the ground and wrestle him down. Get over here, you fucking-- Get-- Come on! Get down! We're trying to talk to you!",Athletics
Athletics,"in the water. Oh, this way? Yeah, I'm getting in the water. In the water? Yeah. 25, 30. I'm going to gently get in. Yeah, I'm sitting in. It's a ten-foot drop. Oh is it a ten-foot drop? Yep. Can you lower yourself? You're pretty tall. TALIESIN  Can I climb down instead of jumping?",Athletics
Perception,"the water. Oh god. That ends your turn. Yasha's go. Oh, Yasha's... 40 feet off the dock. Help me, Yasha! Yasha assists Beau in getting the ship-- Sure. You're just holding the ship. Not much else to do. Oh my god! All right, so, at this point, Marius is-- there's not much else he can do. Fjord, your turn. Keeping an eye out for Caduceus, start to steer the ship along the coastline this way.",Athletics
Intimidation,"The Enforcer actually technically would have his attack on this round. I missed that. The Enforcer does his attacks on you, Jester. Okay. Can I hit back? Because I-- Yeah, you can. It's your turn now. Okay, then... yeah. I'm going to-- I get two attacks, don't I? No, I just get one attack. You get one attack. (pigeon coo) Don't kill him. I'm not going to. Instead of killing him, I'm going to say, you probably don't want to attack me. We've got a boat full of people. We just took your ship. You should put down your weapon.",Intimidation
Intimidation,"""It was supposed to come find me in the cove, never showed up, and they had been waiting ""in town for a few days, and they were coming back and I-- this was the night where I was supposed to ""tell them-- either bring it to them or the deal was off and I was supposed to give back the money ""that I owed them. So-- "" I would like to point out that you're trapped on this boat with us. ""I know that! I am very well aware of that right now. I'm a little freaked out, not going to lie."" Tomorrow my blue friend is going to, if we need to, cast a spell on you and make you tell us everything we want to know. Why waste that time?",Intimidation
Investigation,"commandeered. You've killed them all. What are you going to do with me?"" That is a good question. ""I'm useful. I'm helpful! I can swab the deck. I can cook."" Ooh! What can you cook? That's interesting. ""What you got?"" We don't know what we got. We stole this ship. ""Yeah, yeah you did."" Have we patted him down? No. I'll pat him down.",Investigation
Animal Handling,"I'll follow him. As you guys all head down below deck to take in what exactly you have at your disposal, as you are now the current owners of the Mist. You guys, we own a ship! A ship, a dog, an owl, a ferret. We don't have our dog anymore. Oh yeah! (yelling) Professor Thaddeus! (hooting) Professor Thaddeus? Professor Thaddeus is somewhere at the city. Oh! First pet down. I'm going to try to throw up some bait. (hooting)",Animal Handling
Investigation,"Yasha stands up, looks back towards you guys, goes over and takes a rope and begins helping you guys hold onto the sails, watching you and figuring out what to do. None of you have ever really run a boat before. Yasha's following me? I'm like: You can follow me, but I'm just-- Well, she's just helping you out with whatever you need on the ship. I'll bark out: Make sure the sails are open, tighten all the everything off, and then check the exterior of the ship if you can just for breaks in the wood, fire marks, any damage that you can see.",Investigation
Intimidation,"""Well--"" In his position right now, he's being trepidatious in giving you information. The more you're prying, the more he's closing off and his words are trailing off. ""I don't--"" Well, buddy, we're at sea now. We are not at the dock any more. You are trapped with us. We have questions and I don't want to alarm you. None of us want to put an axe in your head or anything. No, I don't want to do that. That was really sad. Right, we want to just get along. We're all tired. I'm tired, but I'll go to work if I need to. Oh jesus christ! (laughter)",Intimidation
Survival,"I certainly feel like I have gained abilities, yeah. I don't know though. Is this where they were headed? This is where they were going to head after they got the ball, yes. This is a map to a reef. I know the reefs of the Lucidian Ocean, this is very familiar. Those are the arrows, are the ping-pong points that you have to hit and then you get to the island that you-- Yeah, well otherwise you wreck the ship. You recognise those specific points there? Well, there's the Everplume Reef, there's the Torrid Reef, but this looks like the Inkclaw Reef?",Survival
Perception,"right. Yeah. Yeah, we're cool. It's just these other people that're all messed up. (whispering) They're losing their cool. I know. We'll keep them together. If all else fails, fake a heart attack. Everyone will go to your aid, and then when they save you, we'll be like, ""Yeah, we saved him, yeah!"" I don't know if you're joking or not, but I'm going to do it. Okay, good. And there really is another world. No, we're on the world. Fine. Nott is a One Earther. All right, you guys",Perception
Perception,"much, but I know people. And I know things that aren't people. There's a lot more, apparently. You seem to pick up on the stuff that's not said? You have to. I like that you're looking for something. That's good. Otherwise, I don't really know what I'd be doing. Well, I hope we find it, because then you'd get to figure out what to do next, and then there'll be two of us who would be wondering. Fair enough. Okay. I'm definitely looking out on the ocean to see if--",Investigation
Deception,"port as fast as we can looking to acquire a few crew members. Would you do me a favor though? Would you mind telling any inquiring minds that we've been here for awhile and that we're coming from-- ""You're on The Mistake?"" The Mistake, that's correct, yes, and we are coming over from-- what was the port in between Port Damali and this one? Well there's two, but Port Zoon's the closest. Yeah, we're out of Port Zoon and we're just trying to get there and back in the same day if we can.",Perception
Investigation,"or a carpenter-- What came between boatswain and navigator? A barrel keeper. Okay. You've worked as a boatswain before. That's primarily what you've done, as well as some element of barrel keeping in your travels. Those are primarily what your skills would fall under. Sweet. Let's call it a crew of five. Okay. Captain, navigator, quartermaster, cook, and another boatswain slash barrel keeper. Can you be a cook? I am a cook.",Investigation
Deception,"That's true. We never know, we might kill them, so-- Yeah, that's possible. If we stop at any bars along the way (whispering) whisper campaign. Do you know what this is reminding me of, though? Is getting the crew for our keep in the last home game. That was totally what I was thinking about. Kind of. We also make them fight and try to kill each other. So whisper campaign. One of you make a",Deception
Investigation,"We never know, we might kill them, so-- Yeah, that's possible. If we stop at any bars along the way (whispering) whisper campaign. Do you know what this is reminding me of, though? Is getting the crew for our keep in the last home game. That was totally what I was thinking about. Kind of. We also make them fight and try to kill each other. So whisper campaign. One of you make a deception check and one of you make an",Deception
Persuasion,"Shush, just let him get on the boat before we tell him these things. We like the look of you. We have a good job and big money. ""I'm m-m-mighty confused, but money definitely drives, so."" How much do you charge on a weekly rate? ""Weekly, let me think. 35 gold?"" (shouting) A week?! A week. A week, yeah, it's-- We might be gone a month or two. Well, I have 20 gold. 27 gold a week.",Persuasion
Perception,"follow?"" Yes. ""Then if you ever go off the path, maybe they'll tell you. You just have to keep looking."" Well, that's fair. I hadn't really thought about that. ""It's kind of new to myself as well."" We're heading towards an island. I've heard stories. Let's go to the island. As you guys are-- When we fully get out of the reach of the land, by the way, as we're sailing away, I just want to keep an eye out on the horizon and be Professor! See if I see him.",Perception
Perception,"Well, that's fair. I hadn't really thought about that. ""It's kind of new to myself as well."" We're heading towards an island. I've heard stories. Let's go to the island. As you guys are-- When we fully get out of the reach of the land, by the way, as we're sailing away, I just want to keep an eye out on the horizon and be Professor! See if I see him. Make a perception check. I throw some dead pigeon or seagull in the air. Never has there been a more worthless",Perception
Perception,"rent-a-captain. He would sit there with a corncob pipe and he's like, ""Argh, me is a--"" You didn't download the app, though, didn't you, so you didn't hire him. Yeah, that's just a photo opportunity. What's your captain name, to your crew? My captain name? They need to have to know who their captain is, who they're going to go towards. Captain... Captain Tusktooth. Captain Tusktooth. There we go. They're very confused because there are no tusks visible on Tusktooth. Nope. You never want to see them. Good to know, Captain Tusktooth. All righty.",Investigation
Survival,"Nope. You never want to see them. Good to know, Captain Tusktooth. All righty. The perception check was for at night during a shift? No, this was throughout the day. All throughout the whole day, okay. The crew's keeping watch, too, but this is keen eyes and occasionally going up to-- climbing the sail a bit to get a good view, or climbing the mast to keep an eye out. I'm leaning on the edge and I just go: Caleb, this is boring. It's just blue. I'm blue! Jester's more interesting to look at.",Survival
Perception,"summon the falchion. Okay. With not a lot of people on the deck paying attention, hopefully, can I reach over the side and dip the tip of the sword into the ocean? Sure. It drags through the water like any other blade would. Does the eye do anything? No, it doesn't react. Okay. I'll summon it back. Okay. Falchion's back whence it came. (quietly) From whence it came. Are you keeping watch? Mm-hmm.",Perception
Perception,"""Be careful, Beau."" Puts the blade and leans it against the side of the cot and leans back. Just wanted to give you a quick update. Fjord saw a thing with two wings, appeared to be humanoid, flying off the boat, and just wanted to make sure-- Grabs the sword and gets back up and walks past you and up the stairs. (shouting) Yasha's coming. What the fuck was it, Fjord? I don't know. I didn't see, it's too dark. I'm going to turn around and do a scan of the horizon. Do I see anything?",Perception
Investigation,"disadvantage. Nine. Eight. Glancing out, it looks like-- at this point, the moon is just starting to vanish in the distance, so there's not a lot of light, and it looks like a black, endless void around the ship with just a faint image of a blue line as a horizon in all directions. Can I climb up to where it was and see if it left anything behind? Sure. Like some poop. Like poop, or a feather, or-- You make your way up. Go ahead and make an",Investigation
Deception,"Yes! He needs mouth to mouth resuscitation. Well, get at it! No, no, no. My mouth is too small for a human jaw to make perfect contact. Just cup his nose, just (breathes). No, I can't get my mouth wide enough, too many teeth are in the way! I'll do it! That would be good, you or Beau really. I drop down. I have, like, really good medicine training. All right. (exhaling heavily) Okay. Well Caleb, just for the sake of it,",Perception
Medicine,"going to try blintzes for breakfast tomorrow. I feel like we could all use a treat. You notice half of them go, ""Yeah!"" They don't know what I'm making them out of, but yeah. No. And the other half are like, ""Blintzes?"" Are we putting limits on your cuisine, Taliesin? Not anymore! I now have the song ""Every Little Piece"" from Pete's Dragon going through my head. There's a harpy dead on deck, right? Two of them. I'm going to definitely butcher one of them and try to take some meat for myself, and for the crew.",Medicine
Perception,"Hey! Sorry about that. (owl hoot) Back in my pocket. Start moving his feet and his eyes stay in the same place. I make his head dance a little bit. I rolled for him last week and he appropriately only has one hit point. Good to keep that in mind. As you bring your things in for the evening, that comes to a close  your second full day of travel, now the following morning, comes to bear. Who's keeping watch for this day? Sure, I'll take that.",Stealth
Perception,"Okay, so you just begin to Decompose. I'm using the Decompose and ferment and maybe hopefully getting some mushrooms or something, I don't know what harpies make. We'll find out. You'll find out. It'll be a little while. You watch as the start of various fungus and fuzzy mold begins to appear at edges of its corpse. You've started it  a couple days, maybe you'll have something that will give you an idea what is growing. Yeah, if it's good I keep it, if it's bad I toss it. Next evening? All right, go ahead and make a",Survival
Survival,"something, I don't know what harpies make. We'll find out. You'll find out. It'll be a little while. You watch as the start of various fungus and fuzzy mold begins to appear at edges of its corpse. You've started it  a couple days, maybe you'll have something that will give you an idea what is growing. Yeah, if it's good I keep it, if it's bad I toss it. Next evening? All right, go ahead and make a perception check. I don't know why I keep volunteering for fucking perception. 14.",Survival
Survival,"has breached, but that's all you can make out. The evening goes by, uneventful. By the third day, the morning comes around, Orly comes up to the top, comes to you and goes, ""Excuse me, Captain. I'm keeping tabs on our travels southward, I can see ""the reef is approaching."" Excellent. (laughter) Well, let's prepare to navigate through it! Such captaining. I just picked it as a backstory, I didn't know I'd need to know fucking anything about sailing! Jesus. Someone get Travis a subscription to Sailing Monthly or something. There are different-- see those Y marks?",Survival
Survival,"Someone get Travis a subscription to Sailing Monthly or something. There are different-- see those Y marks? Each one of those is going to be a survival check to try and maneuver the boat through the reef. Do we get advantages on those or something? Yes, because you have Orly with you, and Orly is working with you side by side, holding up the map and looking at the scenery. A lot of the crew's on the deck as well keeping eyes out. The dodecahedron! Oh, yeah, yeah! Focus on this, Fjord! Take a huff. You have your Fragment of Possibility.",Survival
Survival,"one bit, the back of your stern scrapes at one point on one edge, but any damage would be superficial, and you manage to maneuver past where you can see one set of sticks that have been tied together and embedded into the reef just below, just barely peeking past-- breaking the surface. And that's the first sign you see of one of those points. (pirate voice) Dead men tell no tales. Now that you've seen it, that's going to be your guiding point for each portion of this reef. You and Orly both, going through and traversing this, you can see the next path before you. Both of you together, go ahead and make another",Survival
Perception,"A single break or tear in an object you touch. Mending is not going to help you with this. No. Gallan and anybody who wants to come help, the hull is now taking on water. Yeah, I want to help block it. Okay. What are you doing to help block it? I'm going to-- It's essentially a one, one-and-a-half foot long break and the wood is torn away, it's broken apart, and there's a gap where the water's now pouring in. Is there any furniture I can rip apart and we can nail to it real fast?",Investigation
Perception,"moment because you're probably stronger than I am. I should probably not do this. I'll go up there and hold that safety line that you were talking about. You've got Water Walk. I throw the mattress in, I jump in after it, and I try and go under-- You can stand on the surface and then, below-- There's a suction. You get below and you get the mattress-- what do you do? I press it against the outside of the ship and hope the current (suctioning).",Athletics
Perception,"it overboard. You gather with the slow leak, in the next couple hours they'll be able to minimize the amount of water that's below there. Okay. Does it look like there's a little island nearby? Yes, we've done the final turn, so we could try and push towards the island, but we're going to have to beach it. You guys are now turning towards the island and it's an open bay now. You passed the reef, and you're heading towards the island of Urukayxl. Is there anywhere that looks like a dock, or anywhere that looks like it's appropriate to--?",Investigation
Perception,"You know that video of the monkeys throwing the raccoon? Oh yeah! That's what I imagined. In pushing the ship ahead as fast as you can with the hole plugged, towards the south side of the island in the attempt to beach it, as you continue the ship is moving to head you off at the pass. Mm-hmm. Eventually you start getting a closer look at it, and it's a bigger ship than the one you have now. It's dual mast. Yep. Does it have some trap doors on the side of the--?",Perception
Perception,"side and welcome them aboard. You could technically stand and offer, I might add. Since you can actually stand on water. I can what? You can stand on water right now.. Oh, I don't know if he did that, so let's not. The other ship has maneuvered up to the point where it is now, its full starboard side is facing you, full gun ports open. You're in a bad position. Yep! Is there anything in the sails? Any flags, iconography?",Perception
Perception,"You could technically stand and offer, I might add. Since you can actually stand on water. I can what? You can stand on water right now.. Oh, I don't know if he did that, so let's not. The other ship has maneuvered up to the point where it is now, its full starboard side is facing you, full gun ports open. You're in a bad position. Yep! Is there anything in the sails? Any flags, iconography? Make a perception check.",Perception
Perception,"Like that, and like I put a lot of cool tattoos on my arms, and like, I make my fangs even longer. Okay. I envision like the anime girl, where like all of a sudden the eyes are covered in shadow. Yeah! Yeah, perfect. My dress is like, tight now. All right. [cheering] Anybody else? I don't even know how to interpret this kind of input, god. First of all, I want to see how many people are in these boats coming in, are they--",Perception
Perception,"tattoos on my arms, and like, I make my fangs even longer. Okay. I envision like the anime girl, where like all of a sudden the eyes are covered in shadow. Yeah! Yeah, perfect. My dress is like, tight now. All right. [cheering] Anybody else? I don't even know how to interpret this kind of input, god. First of all, I want to see how many people are in these boats coming in, are they-- Make a perception check.",Perception
Deception,"""outside of complete and utter compliance, you and your ship will sink."" (rasping) Actually, funny you mention sinking our boat. Sustained some damage, so if I could request of the captain, perhaps some grace while we go into shore. I'm afraid if we try to make it to her ship, we might be on the bottom of the ocean. His throat was slit, you can probably see. So he has a hard time talking. She turns to you with like an intense glare and goes, ""Jawgrasp, you seem to have sustained ""some sort of terrible wound."" Yes, my throat, it's all fucked up.",Deception
Deception,"""it should work. As long as we don't stay out here for too long, I think we'll be okay."" Yeah. As we go up topside, I say quietly to You know, I did not allow for Gallan to go inside the bubble, so it's all the same to him, let's go. All right, let's go. ""Great, perfect. Have fun wherever you're going."" Oh yeah, you'll be fine down here. We'll send word soon. ""You said something about pirates?"" (clears throat) No. High rats. There were rats on the top of the mast and we took care of them.",Deception
Perception,"Indeed. Just out of curiosity, if I look back over my shoulder, do I still see a boat? Oh, yeah! [laughter] You do, you do. [cheering] It's noticeably lower. In maybe a short ten minute period, it'll be finding its way onto the beach. It's also got a giant fucking ogre on it now. Yeah. Can I look around real quick and see if I see Frumpkin?",Perception
Perception,"going from the bright daylight to the darker quarters in the deck below, but you're led to the captain's quarters, this beautiful open room with a mismatched patchwork of old carpets that have all been laid over each other from various designs from around Exandria. There's a desk that has a bunch of carve marks into it, there's some papers laid out, and there you can see Avantika, sitting with her legs up on the desk, currently eating on some sort of a tropical fruit, watching you all enter with a bit of a grin on her face. ""Please, fill the space."" Yeah, mind if we partake of your beautiful spread here? Is there food in this bitch?",Investigation
Investigation,"see a familiar-looking map. Oh! Akin to what you guys were supposed to have last week, but the mail service decided not to have it. We have the map of the Menagerie Coast and another map that has a similar layout to what you found mostly burned in The Mist. As well as a few other pieces of paper that appear to be tucked away into portions of the desk. While they're having a conversation, I want to do a scan and see if I can see any floorboards that look like they can be popped up, maybe marks on the floor from chests, anything that looks like it could be a secret compartment.",Investigation
Perception,"Oh! Akin to what you guys were supposed to have last week, but the mail service decided not to have it. We have the map of the Menagerie Coast and another map that has a similar layout to what you found mostly burned in The Mist. As well as a few other pieces of paper that appear to be tucked away into portions of the desk. While they're having a conversation, I want to do a scan and see if I can see any floorboards that look like they can be popped up, maybe marks on the floor from chests, anything that looks like it could be a secret compartment. Make an investigation check. Actually, this",Investigation
Perception,"have it. We have the map of the Menagerie Coast and another map that has a similar layout to what you found mostly burned in The Mist. As well as a few other pieces of paper that appear to be tucked away into portions of the desk. While they're having a conversation, I want to do a scan and see if I can see any floorboards that look like they can be popped up, maybe marks on the floor from chests, anything that looks like it could be a secret compartment. Make an investigation check. Actually, this would be a perception check. It's just a glance, but it's going to be a higher DC. Investigation, you'd have to actually physically rummage through",Investigation
Perception,"you found mostly burned in The Mist. As well as a few other pieces of paper that appear to be tucked away into portions of the desk. While they're having a conversation, I want to do a scan and see if I can see any floorboards that look like they can be popped up, maybe marks on the floor from chests, anything that looks like it could be a secret compartment. Make an investigation check. Actually, this would be a perception check. It's just a glance, but it's going to be a higher DC. Investigation, you'd have to actually physically rummage through the room, so make a perception check. Also glancing around for books.",Investigation
Deception,"anything written on the sides. It's pretty plain-bound. Anyways, the door's closed. The captain looks to you and goes, ""All right, so now that you've agreed to become our friend, I would ""like to see the first test of you proving your loyalty. You have this item I require? You have it ""here? Where is it?"" It's very dangerous. Before we tell you anything about it, we want to make sure that you know how to handle it. (laughs) ""Little goblin girl, trust me. I have a decent idea of what I'm doing."" A decent idea? We've seen it do things, scary things. We've seen someone melt while touching it.",Insight
Deception,"I know. If I could, you seem so anxious. When was the last time the item was in your possession? I'm so excited to reunite you with it. I feel like if you tell us your story, we'll share in that sense of triumph. ""Respectfully, you're not in a position, once again, to negotiate. You tell me and I'll ""tell you, a little back and forth. Honestly, the one who has to prove their loyalty right now is ""not myself."" You're correct. I have it on very good authority that an island that is surrounded by the Deeprow Reef is housing the item you seek. ""I wonder how it found its way there?"" Make",Deception
Performance,"No! Fjord, maybe we should come clean and form an actual partnership with this person. If we keep lying to her, we're going to lose. Nott, I'm pretty sure you're not playing this out all the way. That shit's in my body, okay? You guys, you realize she's standing right here. [laughter] We're whispering. We're stage whispering. I turn around and I start dancing to distract her from what we're doing. Avantika.",Performance
Perception,"nods and looks a bit curious. ""Well then, follow me. I'll lead you to your chambers as the captain ""wishes."" She looks confused and taken aback by this sudden burst of generosity. What are you guys doing? Do you follow? Yeah. Absolutely. I shove a bunch of the fruit in my pockets on the way out. Is that better? There you go. As we turn to leave the cabin, the captain's quarters, a quick look of anything that looks like info about where this temple is, in case she decides to fucking slit our throats in the middle of the night.",Investigation
Investigation,"monster? Or are you going to become like a god or something? I feel like we are learning a lot about you right now, and not from you. Are we alone? [laughter] It's funny you ask that question. I thought we were in our chamber. No, you're in your chamber. You're alone, but you don't know how thick these walls are. You know there are people stationed right outside of your door. Can I look around and see if there's any peepholes in the walls or anything?",Investigation
Medicine,"fall, and I accidentally go like, on her stomach? That's not bad. I don't know if you can feel-- Lift your armor up, Fjord. I've been trying to find out for a long time if I can actually feel a lump. Lift it up! This is important, I need to know. Yeah, I'm not comfortable doing that. I think we are past the point of secrets here. Yeah. We need to know what is what. Exactly, I need to feel your abs. [cheering]",Medicine
Stealth,"Rikatoa. (whispering) Krakatoa. Chick ah, chick ah. Is it night time now? Are we going to sleep? It's like late afternoon. It isn't quite dusk yet, but whenever you want to. Essentially, you're ready and prepared for an evening's rest, we'll go do that. Okay. Do it. You go ahead and find yourselves settling in best you can for the evening's rest. As-- I'm going to sneak down into the cargo hold. [laughter]",Stealth
Stealth,"because there's only one exit to the chamber. Huh? There's only one exit to the chamber. The door that leads out, as soon as you (door creaking) you see the guard is posted right there. You feel pretty quiet, and you're pretty, you feel that you're in the groove where you can get through pretty quickly without being seen, but you have to get past that one guard that you can see stationed right outside of the door. Okay, I'll use a spell, then. I'll take a little bit of-- I think it's a cloth, fleece-- as Caleb taught me, and I'll create a Silent Image down the hall. Can I peek out the door a little bit?",Stealth
Perception,"other guard, who was rushing off and heading up a small set of stairs that leads up to the captain's quarters. You remember this before. You're actually heading away from the cargo hold this way now. You're heading up. Oh. I don't want to do that. Yeah. I'll turn around and go the other way. Okay, you go the other direction, and the guy who's now walked up towards Cosko, towards Jamedi, is now rushing up to it and goes and is talking to him like, ""Sir, hello?"" I'll have Cosko, is there a stairs or a ladder near here?",Stealth
Stealth,"Okay, oh, that's a four. You're not sure, you see a couple of chairs, a card table that's currently empty. You can see the hallway continues past where this illusion is happening. Card table that's currently empty? Cosko's going to sit down at that card table and start dealing two hands. [laughter] Oh my god. As he does so, the guy's like, ""Jamedi, the captain will be right here-- What?"" Just looks really confused. Is there a way to slip by?",Stealth
Investigation,"I will use Mage Hand, and he's just got the one lantern down there? Currently, yeah. I will use Mage Hand to try to snuff out the flame. Easy enough to do. (whoosh) Goes dark. ""What?!"" I'll keep going, using darkvision to look around and see things. Okay, so you start making your way around. As you do, you start seeing sparks. Of a flint. Oh, he's trying to light it again. He's trying to relight the lantern. He's like, ""Ooh, fucking shit, stupid little lantern.""",Perception
Stealth,"Yeah, I'll grab some of that, too. Okay. You quickly fill your pockets. It's squishy to the touch. When they put it in there, it (squish) on the inside. You feel it, the cold wetness of it, spilling against your shirt. You get some pockets filled with fermented fruit. Okay, so I got an armful of gunpowder. Yep. Armful of rotting fruit. Yeah. That's a success. [cheering] You make your way back? I'm going to head back, yeah.",Investigation
Persuasion,"""They say that Uk'otoa is an infinite length entity, a serpent that entwines the entirety of ""the water. That is but eyes across its body to see what else it must conquer."" That sounds-- ""Beautiful?"" Exactly the word I was searching for. Speaking of beautiful. Oh! [cheering] I was so taken by that marking, that tattoo you had, I was wondering if you might show it to me again? I think they're about to get naked.",Persuasion
Perception,"Natural 20. [cheering] She tugs down the scarf to reveal the tattoo without breaking eye contact and goes, ""I'll do ""you one better."" [cheering] Zip? Removes the glove off of her right hand, and in the palm you see a familiar yellow eye emerging from the center. ""This is the blessing. It leaves the first stage. I have been chosen to be one step ""to his unsealing."" Like, a fucking eye or a tattoo of an eye?",Perception
Perception,"Yep. Question. I am still watching her. [cheering] What the fuck do you mean ""still""? [cheering] I know it's confusing  I like to stay inside this Zemnian accent so much, but I did not say that out loud. That was for the DM. Oh, shit. Question, Caleb? Yeah, I did not stop watching her after he left. Right. What is she doing?",Perception
Perception,"the visual perspective, and spends a minute or so looking over the water. Then turns back, goes and closes the door, walks over to underneath the main doorway, where that shrine is. She pulls a stool up to stand up to about eye level to where the shrine is. Then she pulls her glove off once more, makes a small cut on her finger, and drops a few pieces of blood onto the small iron shrine. It's maybe about that big and then puts the glove back on, mumbles a few words beneath her breath, though Frumpkin might not able to see from this perspective. Then goes ahead and snuffs the candles. So she did some arcane shit. Did she also look very hot and bothered?",Perception
Perception,"sword, do I see anything? You look towards the hilt and the eye stares back at you. The light temporarily blinding you for a moment, as you adjust. What the fuck? Can I try and take the edge of the blade and press it into the floor? You press the blade in through the water and it hits the stone. Jesus. (English accent) I don't know what you want from me! No response. Then you hear once more, ""Watch."" I've stared at the eye. Fuck. I have no idea.",Perception
Perception,"surge of strength. Of control, of purpose. The voice again says, ""Reward."" As you look up around you the stone falls away and on the distance you can see that horizon once more. Now an endless ocean. You can see the faint ripples of waves across a sourceless bit of moonlight. There you see dozens of ships coming towards you. What do you do? Can I look behind myself real fast? You turn behind you and it is just darkness. Inky, infinite. A shit load of ships coming towards me. Cool. Are there any pigeons in this dream? (laughter)",Perception
Insight,"As the rest of you come to consciousness in the morning, Fjord seems to be sleeping in a little bit before suddenly shooting up with a gasp. Did you have a dream? (English accent) What? (regular voice) No, no, I didn't. You're drenched in sweat. Just throwing that out there. Yeah. Real soggy. Yeah, no, we were fighting crazy beasts and monsters and all this talk of serpents, I feel-- Fjord! Are you lying?",Insight
Stealth,"hair and the back of your coat. Caleb would then have taken his coat off and twisted it up and tied it to the back of his coat, so he's just with the holstered books and his shirt sleeves rolled up at this point since it's so hot. So you're leaving the coat behind? No, I just tied it onto the back of my pack. Ok, gotcha. Cool. Rolled it up like a carpet. You begin to step through the soft floor of the island jungle, each footstep coming with a sort of spongy pressure before it hits hard earth, rock, or just compressed compost and soft",Perception
Perception,"this? Me, and-- I'm keeping an eye out. Who am I out there with? Cosko? Jamedi. Oh, and Frumpkin. Yeah, and Caduceus please. I'm keeping an eye around as well. All right. Go ahead and roll perception for your vicinity. You guys are rolling perception for the path ahead of you. Three. What the fuck? Plus? Plus zero.",Perception
Investigation,"threads separate a little bit. Peering inside, you see it's mostly empty. There's a simple cot, there's a chair, a mildewed leather coat that appears to be half folded over and thrown in the corner, and a small box up on the far end of the table in the room that's just open  there's no lid to it. The whole room smells faintly of rot. (pigeon cooing) Shh. I'm going to poke up and put my head in as well. There's no trap doors? Nowhere where anybody could be hiding? I can look for traps.",Investigation
Perception,"up and put my head in as well. There's no trap doors? Nowhere where anybody could be hiding? I can look for traps. You can make an investigation check if you want to go check the interior. I was just curious immediately if there was anything I notice  I wasn't going to-- I'll look around for traps on the floor and stuff. I was going to look around. Actually, if you're doing that, I'll look around the outside to see if anybody's watching us.",Investigation
Investigation,"maps, but the wooden elements of these have warped over time and dried out and there are metallic bits are rusted a bit. Does the magnifying glass look like it might still work, maybe? It could still work. The glass hasn't been touched  the housing for it has rusted a little. I'll grab that. Mr. Clay, should we go in further, or what do you think? I don't know. Has the bed been slept in? Does it seem like someone's been here recently or is this abandoned, do you think? Why don't you go check it out? What? Oh! Well, I'll put my head in.",Investigation
Investigation,"that along. You, through your cantrip, manage to watch as these dull blue and gray spores begin to apparate in a row across the pile of somewhat sludgy snake remains. That's already better. Were they real rubies or was it all a ruse to get me to pull on them? They appear to be. Do I have them? You have them. You have everything that's in the chest, you have the gold idol, the small snake head idol, and you have these three gold piece-shaped rubies. They're about that thick, and",Persuasion
Perception,"there. You finish casting Identify. This is not magical, it doesn't have any magical properties. It seems to be just an idol, it looks like it was attached to something in the past, but it's probably literally worth its weight in gold. Nott, here's your toy back. Thank you. I have a question for you, Matt. Is it really just us and Avantika and Jamedi? Yeah. And that's it? Yeah. I scan the forest. Are we being followed?",Investigation
Stealth,"""I hope not either."" She reaches out and pokes your nose and turns around. She booped you. Nope. She just gets a finger full of sweat. Was all of that for all to hear or are they off a bit? They were off a bit, away from everybody. Are we satisfied? Let's go, let's keep going. Oh, what? Yeah, I'm good. Break time over. All right. ""All right. Jamedi?"" ""Of course."" They begin falling into the same positions, with both Jamedi and Nott taking point. Everybody make another",Stealth
Stealth,"pokes your nose and turns around. She booped you. Nope. She just gets a finger full of sweat. Was all of that for all to hear or are they off a bit? They were off a bit, away from everybody. Are we satisfied? Let's go, let's keep going. Oh, what? Yeah, I'm good. Break time over. All right. ""All right. Jamedi?"" ""Of course."" They begin falling into the same positions, with both Jamedi and Nott taking point. Everybody make another stealth check, please.",Stealth
Nature,"front of him on myself. Thank you. See you later. I'm going back to my earlier position. All right. Continuing forward for the next few hours or so, the heat is getting heavier and heavier as the afternoon sky now greets you. You find yourself stopping to eat and drink water along the way with what supplies you have available to you. The next few hours or so as it begins to get darker and darker-- I have a question. Yes? With my medicine stuff, would I know anything that would help get rid of bugs and stuff? That would keep bugs away from me?",Nature
Persuasion,"Great. Ahem. Hoy hoy! Hi, Captain Avantika. And Jamedi. Jamedi's a few feet ahead. He's currently leading the path. They're about 20 feet from each other. Oh, sorry. I'll get Jamedi. Sure. Hey, Jamedi! Jamedi is like, ""What?"" Can you come here for a second? I have something I need to show you. ""What is this? This has no bearing on--"" It's really important, though. It's super important.",Persuasion
Perception,"that are made of makeshift, scavenged metal or weapons that have washed up on shore or have been recovered from others that have been unlucky to make their way to this island and never returned. How many? Four of them. Each one of them has a spear. I duck down, I turn to the rest of the (whispering) Snake. Four of them. Shields. Weapons. That's a bad gesture. I quickly turn around and through the wire (whispering) There's four lizard people over here. Looking in the distance at them and at Jamedi.",Perception
Investigation,"""So I have noticed."" Did you see his arms? ""I did. It was quite frightening."" Oh my god. Imagine if it was his legs. How would he even walk? ""It is a very good question. One that will keep me up late at night."" Yeah. You're not sure if he's joking. Do you guys do anything else or you just let them pass and continue on? We're going to let them go. Did they leave anything on the ground? Did they leave anything? Did they drop anything?",Perception
Investigation,"I also want to cast another Detect Undead, while we're walking. You're going to look around what? I'm going to take a walk around this little ruin. I'm going to have the little Light spell up, see if there's any writing on anything, any carvings. I'm going to have Eyes of the Grave up again. I'm going to be looking for any undead. Okay. And you're accompanying him? I'm watching his back! The rest of you are staying within the sphere, gray color, dimly lit on the interior? It can be whatever light source you want at this point. The two of you wander around the ruin. Make",Investigation
Stealth,"sound and seeing all these folks over here. Okay, so you leave the thing, you can see everyone right there. Do I see the beast? You do. You see that one beast right there. I will kneel down and pew, shoot it in its hindquarters. That's a miss. 12. 12 does not hit. Reload. Fire again. Wait, do I want to do this? Nope. I'll keep moving and hide behind that wall. Right here? Yeah. All righty. Bonus action hide.",Stealth
Perception,"What did you do? I shot it with the thing. I'll light it up with this crackling green Eldritch Blast energy coming from both of my palms, causing its fur to smoke and burn off and its snake heads to repel! Oh my god, that's so visceral and amazing. I'll shoot it in the nose. Its torso erupts in green flame and energy, just (explosion). The body slinks to the ground in a smoldering cinder and as it's head (moaning), (arrow impact). I'll look over at Nott. You guys all take a moment. Make a",Perception
Deception,"13, okay. Ten. Keep hitting me. Hey! Fjord! She needs some mouth-to-mouth. You can use an action to wake her. Oh. Jester, you come to consciousness and you're half-curled on Avantika, who's half-curled on you since you guys passed out right next to each other. Caleb is going to quick-walk over to Avantika, kneel down and say, ""Are you all right?!"" with his back to Spaghetti and cast Identify on one of the swords.",Deception
Nature,"wall take up some of the bubble space, or we can be right next to this wall. We made a bit of a ruckus, that's the last thing you want to do in a jungle. Are we what? Are you okay? Uh. You don't look very good, Mr. Clay. Thank you. I'm going to Cure Wounds. On yourself? Yeah. Did they seem like intelligent beasts? I'm going to do it to you, too. From what brief encounter you had, it's hard",Nature
Perception,"""What, in all of my years?"" Yeah. ""I don't know. I stopped counting at around 50."" Oh. That's awesome. That's a high number. Yeah, that's a big number. ""But in my line of work, it's important to not hesitate when some drunk asshole tries to, I ""don't know, take your ship."" We can't relate at all, nope. ""Well, anyway. I will be taking a nap with one eye open. Good night, everyone."" She settles into her camping garb. Who's keeping watch? All",Perception
Perception,"come back anytime you want. Okay, just checking. But please don't go on any walkabouts while we are sleeping. I'm not going to, Caleb. But you already did. Well, that was for Caduceus. Don't worry about it, okay? Do you promise? Of course I promise. I'm going to stay in here. That is good enough for me. Good night. Good night. (snoring)",Perception
Survival,"Okay well, say the word and I'll pull it down. Let's get everything together first. Yeah. Jamedi? Following you. ""All right, collect your belongings."" He goes over and starts disassembling his tent quickly, rolling it up and putting it into his pack over his shoulder. You guys gather your things. Should we make the brush look like we weren't sleeping on it and stuff? Why? You know, so that they won't be able to like--",Survival
Stealth,"Avantika and says ""And I believe that is the quarry in which you paid for, beneath that. ""Correct?"" Avantika goes ""That is correct. In we go and see where it takes us. So shall we? Jamedi, ""lead the way."" ""All right come forward."" You all begin to slowly make your way into the jungle as you cast Pass Without a Trace and we'll come back at the end of the break. Whoa! Owl on your head. There you go. Oh no god! Stealth owl. All right, we're going to take a quick break and come back to that with that",Stealth
Stealth,"and general atmosphere. Beau, you're feeling a little rough. Ah? What? You get this sweating a little bit and this soreness in your body and this general body pain, kind of a dull pain throughout. You've got mono. Nope. I'm great. Just kind of (sighs)... you're not quite sure why it's come over you. Pressing on, Jamedi leads you for about another hour and a half, two hours through the jungle before putting his hand up once more to stop you all. Oh we didn't make",Perception
Perception,"actually up the way across one of these walls, you see four figures that are strung up by their feet. You can see the remnants of the lizard men that are in the process of having the flesh filleted from their bodies. (moans of disgust) You see one of the more humanoid ones, probably one of the hunters that you saw alongside the snake-armed man, is there with the blade, stripping it off the bones and sloughing it into a pile next to it where you hear (squelching) over on top of each other. Oh that's fucked up. What do the obelisk eyes look like?",Perception
Medicine,"but not lingering? Oh yeah, I'm feeling fine. Are you? I'm not, like, saying anything. Why? What? You seem a little-- Nope! You sure? Yep! I can do a-- Nope. Great. Do you feel okay? Yeah. Does she look okay?",Medicine
Medicine,"her and casting Lesser Restoration. Don't think I've never done this before. Smell this. Bip. Okay. You finish casting the spell, the energy subsides, you pull back and there's no change in her demeanor. Oh no. Don't touch me. I apologize. That's weird, though. Oh I'm sorry, I was wrong: she's just a bitch. I get that a lot. You really don't look okay. Just for fun, really quickly--",Medicine
Perception,"What, act like you're tied up? Maybe. Yeah, we'll do it anyway. That's if they see us. We'll tie your hands in the front. If they don't see us, it doesn't matter what they look like. Okay, okay. I think that if anyone that looks like me or you shows up on this island, anyone who sees it is going to come asking questions immediately. I agree. What if-- do any of the people we see walking around, do any of them wear cloaks?",Investigation
Perception,"sent to come get us to bring us back as feeding for whatever's down there? (whispering) What if we let the pirate queen tie rocks to our feet and we're dead?! We have to do this! We can kill them later! Agreed. ""Agreed."" Ah! You're still here?! Shit! ""Well, I hadn't left yet. I was curious to see your--"" Did you know? Where are you? You don't see, the voice is coming from nowhere. Is Jamedi here?",Persuasion
Stealth,"We should probably get pretty snaking on here. We'll put two in the front, two in the back, and put these three in the-- In the middle. Your Pass Without a Trace has probably faded at this point, with the travel you've made so you have to recast it to get the spell bonus. You guys, we should probably do it again? Mm-hmm. Yeah. (singing) Pass pass pass pa-pass. I give Yasha the Blessing of the Trickster. Good call.",Stealth
Stealth,"Everyone make a stealth check, please. Hang on, hang on, real quick: (clearing throat) Real talk, for just a second. If Yasha comes with us, and we puppet her, and she dies, Ashley's going to be real mad. Just pointing this out last time, because we did this with Pike. Not saying one way or the other! Just saying, we're going to continue on with Yasha? Okay. Done. Done. That's all I'm going to say. She's going to be in a defensive stance for most of the fight. She'll be fine. I'll pilot her. I would say let's text her, but she's in another country, so she probably wouldn't get it.",Stealth
Deception,"bent into slave labor for these people. They are now pushing it forward. That catches you off guard for a minute, but you continue to focus and move forward. As you get closer, you can hear the slick sound of the flesh being pulled from the back of the lizardman's body-- (wet ripping) Aww, yeah! Onto the side-- (coughing) Had me a little bit of spittle on that one. (coughing) Pardon me. Moving around the side, the figure finishes and throws it, and glances over and looks at your group. Starts looking somewhat curiously as you pass. (hissing)",Deception
Deception,"sound of the flesh being pulled from the back of the lizardman's body-- (wet ripping) Aww, yeah! Onto the side-- (coughing) Had me a little bit of spittle on that one. (coughing) Pardon me. Moving around the side, the figure finishes and throws it, and glances over and looks at your group. Starts looking somewhat curiously as you pass. (hissing) Make a deception check, Jester. Why? Because I rolled a shitty stealth, that's why. Oh no.",Deception
Perception,"No, it's fine. It's an important clarification. That's my brain fart, man. I appreciate the backup. But yeah, you're right on that. Okay. Okay, guru Liam. Yeah. Liam from Ojai. Namaste. I'm going to go listen to your tapes, your level seven tapes. A most expeditious movement towards the temple, I suppose, would be the-- Do we look in the window? As he's saying this, you glance to the window to your left, and as you look in, make a",Perception
Deception,"sheet, you would have the benefits of knowing that. But, not my responsibility. So you pick you on it and the muttering is akin to, ""Come, we have ""to pick up the hunts. The food stores are running dry this season."" As that comes to you, you glance up to the side and you guys watch as two figures round the corner. They're both mostly human in body, though their bodies are scaled and a dull green-gray color. Their heads, fully serpentine, snake jaws-- the hood's not open, but retracted-- and they both have, strapped across their shoulders and torsos, longbows that are at rest, and they have quivers filled with arrows. They walk past and glance over at the rest of your",Perception
Perception,"Run. Yeah, we're picking up and moving expeditiously away. I really should've charmed them instead of held them, but let's go. Yeah, or distraction. Want to do a distraction now? Not now. We've got to go. Distraction is them. They are currently paralyzed in the middle of the street for the next minute. Once they're released, they're going to do whatever they do. Do we seen anyone else around besides those two?",Perception
Perception,"street. You and Yasha should pull them off the street. You guys lift their arms and pull them off. Weekend at Bernie's. Are there any doors around here? The building to the left of you was the one that you saw the craftsman in. The one to the right, you can see there is an open doorway. Is there anybody in there? Let's just go in? All right, you drag them over. I'm going to walk forwards first to peek in because I look like a snake.",Investigation
Deception,"You put that behind where the serpent was? Yes, so he has to turn and move away from us. Okay. You guys arc in the completely opposite direction heading towards where the base of this temple is. There is another one of those that is currently at the bottom of the stairway that is making its way in your direction. I point at the manticore. You point at the manticore? I can't. I point at the manticore. No, you did it. She's the one who did it. Hey man, I look like a snake person!",Deception
Acrobatics,"You had to beat a ten. You push, and it turns around and sees the manticore and looks at you curiously. It has to take a moment to decide which is more dangerous, the manticore or this curious serpent. Goes ahead and grabs you by the chest and begins dragging you with it. It makes a grab for her? Yeah. It can't choose, so it just grabs you. Blindness. I'm going to blind him before he grabs her. Okay. Well first, it has to try and grapple you, so go ahead if you want to fight it. Okay, yeah, I'll try to back away.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"turns around and sees the manticore and looks at you curiously. It has to take a moment to decide which is more dangerous, the manticore or this curious serpent. Goes ahead and grabs you by the chest and begins dragging you with it. It makes a grab for her? Yeah. It can't choose, so it just grabs you. Blindness. I'm going to blind him before he grabs her. Okay. Well first, it has to try and grapple you, so go ahead if you want to fight it. Okay, yeah, I'll try to back away. All right, so acrobatics check. Natural two,",Athletics
Athletics,"turns around and sees the manticore and looks at you curiously. It has to take a moment to decide which is more dangerous, the manticore or this curious serpent. Goes ahead and grabs you by the chest and begins dragging you with it. It makes a grab for her? Yeah. It can't choose, so it just grabs you. Blindness. I'm going to blind him before he grabs her. Okay. Well first, it has to try and grapple you, so go ahead if you want to fight it. Okay, yeah, I'll try to back away. All right, so acrobatics check. Natural two,",Athletics
Acrobatics,"and break it. Cool. One. Yeah, it grabs you. However, what's the DC on the spell? Constitution 16. Natural two again! It was like 20-- two. All of a sudden, it loses sight and you see its eyes starting to blink out where once the piercing yellow snake eyes fade to a snowblind white (snarling and hissing). Pulls its blade out and looks around, looking freaked out at the process. You have to break that grapple  it's still holding you. Oh, I--",Athletics
Athletics,"and break it. Cool. One. Yeah, it grabs you. However, what's the DC on the spell? Constitution 16. Natural two again! It was like 20-- two. All of a sudden, it loses sight and you see its eyes starting to blink out where once the piercing yellow snake eyes fade to a snowblind white (snarling and hissing). Pulls its blade out and looks around, looking freaked out at the process. You have to break that grapple  it's still holding you. Oh, I--",Athletics
Stealth,"and you can see some of them are swinging and are beginning to notice something strange... Ooh, run away! Run, run, run! All right, so you guys are charging towards the temple. You bypass that one. Now you're heading up the stairs. Up across the way, there's one of those crotchety snake people that you saw patrolling the upper area who has its longbow out and is currently firing one after another arrow toward the manticore. It's moved off to the side. It doesn't seem to immediately notice your presence as you approach. If you guys are trying to stealth by without getting its attention, I",Stealth
Athletics,"About 15 feet above you, above the stairs, just in the middle of the open. Glancing off to the side, the manticore still drawing most of the attention, but people are starting to figure out the weirdness about it. Can I use my bonus action to Misty Step up behind them and I will kick them down the stairs towards the rest of us? Ooh. Yes! Yes, you can. Oh my god, yes! In a whisp of dark shadow energy you see Fjord just vanishes from sight and teleports right",Stealth
Perception,"Yasha's and it was like, ""When did I get Necrotic Shroud?"" It's five. (exaggerated Arnold Schwarzenegger accent) Five points of damage. That's the sound it makes. Phoomph. So he's burning and not moving. You assume. He's even more unconscious now. Let's get the fuck out of here. Keep going. Is there an entrance to this tower? Oh, you're going stairs up the side. It levels off towards the top of it, but you don't know what's at the top there. Is there anyone following us?",Perception
Stealth,"He's at the bottom of the temple. Oh, he went down there? I thought he was at our feet. No, you guys have been climbing the temple and he kicked him down off the side of it. It's all good. I would only do it if he was right where we were. Right. No worries. Let's just keep running. Yeah. In! Out of light. Out of the way. Okay. So as that idea flashes through your mind, that would be cool, but it's not going to work, so you keep rushing and we come back to the moment as you guys dart up the side of the temple.",Perception
Arcana,"that are bolted in and there are stains across the surface. Of the crimson variety? Yep. Yeah, super sacrifice-y. Obviously for killing. With all the reading I have done, can I ascertain or have a good guess of what this is used for besides? Yeah, you have a good idea. Yeah, I know it's for killing people, but does it do something? To do something. Summon things, make a god happy... Does it look like a trap door to me? I have read many books.",Arcana
Religion,"surface. Of the crimson variety? Yep. Yeah, super sacrifice-y. Obviously for killing. With all the reading I have done, can I ascertain or have a good guess of what this is used for besides? Yeah, you have a good idea. Yeah, I know it's for killing people, but does it do something? To do something. Summon things, make a god happy... Does it look like a trap door to me? I have read many books. Well, make an arcana check and make a",Arcana
Insight,"re-lock the door or something? Probably not, but I can try. Okay, we'll just shut it and hope they don't notice that we came up here. Let's go. Okay. You all dart inside. At this point, as you are stepping inside, you see on the opposite end, rushing up the edge, you see Jamedi go, ""(huffing) Very good,"" and he jumps inside with the rest of you. Where's Avantika? ""I have not seen her."" Bullshit. ""I haven't!"" Are you lying?",Insight
Investigation,"Goggles. You're now standing in a small, five-foot by eight-foot chamber. You are all cramped in there, but there is a spiral staircase that leads down. Time to go. One at a time. You first. Why me? Check. For. Traps. Whoever I'm standing next to, I grab their butt. Who's rubbing my elbow? It's weird. I'll take a big swig of liquor and start going down, scanning for traps.",Investigation
Stealth,"Well, you're still prone. If you want to get up, it's half your movement, or you can crawl at half speed. I'm going to crawl over there and hide. You crawl over here. You can go there because you're still in melee with that one, but you can attempt to hide from the other if you'd like. I'm going to hide. Prone still means you're disadvantage-- no, they have advantage. It's advantage on melee attacks against you, disadvantage on ranged attacks against you. You crawl on the ground around the corner. Roll a",Stealth
Intimidation,"one is going to be-- Ooh, that's not good. Two points of slashing damage. Okay, so that's six total points. Now with all of its allies fallen around and seeing everyone else standing up, its eyes are darting around, looking like it's a caged animal (snarling and hissing). Its scimitar in front of it, it's swinging it wildly in the air and pointing it towards anything that comes near. That's going to end their turn, Fjord, you're up next. Fjord rushes up, summons the blade, and points it at her, summoning a little eldritch Drop it. That's my turn.",Intimidation
Perception,"is on the surface. It continues down, you imagine, based on how large it is in size. This is the highest part of the pyramid so far. Within this chamber, there are clusters of these bits of mossy plant life that's growing in elements of the corners. There is a fountain that sits atop the central platform in the center of the chamber. The water itself is slowly trickling off the sides in small little grooves  it looks to be brackish and green. The staircase-- a few minutes pass-- revert to stairs, so ascension is possible. That's the most of what you can make out in the chamber. The pillars appear to be more load-bearing and designed-- as you get a closer look, make a",Perception
Religion,"small little grooves  it looks to be brackish and green. The staircase-- a few minutes pass-- revert to stairs, so ascension is possible. That's the most of what you can make out in the chamber. The pillars appear to be more load-bearing and designed-- as you get a closer look, make a perception check on this one. 20. Interesting point. The stonework and the construct of this entire temple is very old and very simple, but you see a lot of intricate carvings and additional stone that's been added to the interior of the chamber that is all carved to represent snake creatures surmounting, and a great",Religion
Persuasion,"going to start touching one of the other priestesses and I'm going to start the process. With that, parts of their wounds begin to split open wider as you see bits of reddish-orange fungus begin to find its way out. It looks like a sponge emerging from it. Don't mind that. She turns to you and goes, ""Are you to let me live?"" I think that all depends on your cooperation. We're trying to find our way further below. You can either help expedite that or complicate that.",Persuasion
Investigation,"Are they gone yet? Doesn't seem very helpful. Ah, I was here the whole time! I'm going to start poking around some of this. Is this attached to the walls? Wait a moment. Nott, have a look around this room. Do you see anything problematic? Good idea! I'll go check the fountain. What are these big fancy-- are these doors on the sides? Those are some of the inscripted carvings that were placed over the existing stonework of the chamber. I'm going to search the body of the beast guy.",Investigation
Arcana,"I hate water. You do notice there are, on four edges of the bottom basin at the lip of the water-- and the water meets the very edge-- there are slight grooves where the water's slowly trickling out and down to the floor, and where it hits the floor there is no pool of water. You inspect closer, and there is a hole beneath each groove where the water itself is pouring through the floor below you to what you assume to be a chamber below. This shit opens up! Ja. Is there anything arcane in nature to the writing on the sides of it, or can I ascertain the purpose of it? This fountain.",Arcana
Perception,"Tune into All Work, No Play this Friday! Where the moss is growing, there is a hole in the stone chamber about that big around that looks to be a tunnel or tube that slowly descends downward. Trash chute. Upon glancing at it, the interior is somewhat damp with condensation and that's where a lot of this moss is gathering around the outskirts of it. You also notice scales, little clusters of scales that are gathered on the edges of the stone. Ooh, snakes come in and out of here! Directly above the fountain there's a ceiling, I take it, yes?",Investigation
Medicine,"that are in the stonework above. Bits of the stone have fallen and cracked a little. Where those two holes are, glancing directly below them looking up, you can see the faint pinhole bits of light from the sky above. You also see the stone right around those holes is faintly stained crimson. Directly above the fountain. That was the sacrifice tablet on top. Yeah. Oh, that's why it's all grimy. It's blood water. Ugh! Is there sign of blood in or around the fountain or in any of the grooves? I'm seeing if the blood makes it all the way down here.",Medicine
Investigation,"to find its way into the fountain, either it's not human crimson color enough. You don't see any signs of it currently in here. Most of the water that's in this fountain right now seems to be just water and algae and grime that has built up within the fountain. Does it look like those vacuous eye holes in the snakes are about the same size as those rubies that I had found? Approximately. Can I just-- Wait! --look for traps? Can I just look for traps around the fountain without touching the water?",Investigation
Nature,"Me? Yeah, don't you like doing things with chemicals? Sure, I can, but that seems like more of a medical thing. I'm going to try to get the poison off of it. Off the fangs. Okay. Do you have the materials to do so? I've got a vial. Do you have a medical kit? Have you ever milked a dead snake for its venom? I haven't milked this kind of-- no, I haven't milked a snake.",Nature
Perception,"Have you ever milked a dead snake for its venom? I haven't milked this kind of-- no, I haven't milked a snake. Make a nature check for me. 15! Okay, you'll spend the next 15 or 20 minutes or so attempting to do this and I'll come to you in a minute with your success and/or failure. Anywhere where there's moss, am I finding these matching holes? You go around finding each of these patches? Yes, there are. At each corner of the chamber there are these patches, and at each corner you do",Nature
Perception,"could burn the flesh and it would fuse. Wow! Oh god. We need to chop-- Yasha, chop off all their arms. (as Yasha) No. Jester, chop off all their arms. Well, how about I just drag the bodies over. I start dragging the body over and shoving an arm in the hole. Okay. I'm pushing them. To which one, one of the purebloods? Yeah.",Investigation
Investigation,"Yeah. Make a perception check. Oh no. Nice. 20. Okay. As you're dragging it over, you do see a bit of metal jewelry fall out from underneath the robe. Yoink! It is an intricate stone key that is on a metal chain. We should get these of the other ladies. Let's definitely check those bodies. We check the other bodies.",Investigation
Investigation,"Anybody looking at us as I turn around? Jester. (pained) Ah, ah! Your short rest comes to a close. You've used your hit dice, you've healed up a bit, you've gotten your arcane-- Arcane recovery. Cool. What would you guys like to do? I would love to take a last look at the snake iconography and the bits that have been added to see how well-- I don't want to fudge them or anything, but where's there a keyhole? Are these things attached to the wall? What's the deal?",Investigation
Medicine,bestowing the blessing and mutating followers that are rising up. His army of snake people. Are they any seams or visible machinery or cogs or anything? There are the holes in the ground at the base of the fountain where the waters is actually trickling through to something beneath. There's the curled snakes that are in the water below. Those are the only things that you've noticed around the fountain. I don't think we want the water to go into the ground. Can I try looking at Beau? Check her out and see if I can see what's wrong with her?,Medicine
Perception,"little nip of something? He turns back towards you with a curious glance and says-- It's really good. ""I'm sober."" I have some jerky. Do you want a little nibble? You do eat food, don't you? His eyes narrow. ""Yes, I would love some jerky."" Here. Coveted jerky. He takes it from you. ""I appreciate the offer."" He eats and continues to look over-- Is he swallowing?",Persuasion
Perception,"It's a blood orange orchard. You can do better than that. What do you do? Could you send some light down there, Caleb? I could do that. Do we want to do that? What's down there? Can we throw a little light down there to see if anything tries to bite at it? Eh, let me borrow this. Frumpkin flies just down to the fountain. Okay. (flittering) I want to see, if I bamf into Frumpkin, if I can hear anything below.",Perception
Acrobatics,"the area. You can see these slightly green- to yellow-colored fruit that are bared by these various trees, a lot of which have fallen and are beginning to ferment on the ground and rot. That's where you get the smell that hit you originally. Some of them that have fallen begin to just slowly rot away and decompose into the floor of this orchard. I love me some rotten fruit. Did you say how far to the bottom it seemed? About 40 feet from where you are. About 30 feet once you hit the stairs. All right, I'll jump down to the platform.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"tang aftertaste to it. I'll just eat one. Iron-y! Okay, you eat it. What are you guys doing? Well, Fjord is nudging at Caleb-- It's clear, come on down! Fuck! He's looking! He's finger flipping! He's checking his Twitter. He's fine. It's just fun to fuck with you guys. Uh-huh. In answer to your quiet question, I could take the silver thread out and-- I jump down, too.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"I could have helped, okay. Everybody's doing things too quickly. That thread will take me ten minutes. You catch yourself there, but keep yourself up and begin to descend down the steps and below. I was going to have Caleb put the silver string at the entrance so we'd know if somebody came in. That's ten minutes if we want to take it. It's locked and we have the key. How did we get in? We picked the lock. We'll be fine. I jump down.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"Okay, Beau, acrobatics check. Jump just down the 40 feet? No, to the staircase. It's a ten-foot fall. 14. You hit it and your foot hits a slick spot. You catch yourself and hold onto the edge, adjust, and then continue down without issue. Oh god, 14 is like the-- It's pretty high, considering. You two are down, the two of you? Mm-hmm. You're up at the top of the tower? No, she jumped already. It's you, Caduceus, and Fjord, I think.",Athletics
Perception,"His hair's purple, now it's pink, now it's orange, now it's purple. Oh no! Oh shit. What is happening? Your eyes are like big black saucers. His pupils are purely dilated. Your eyes are normally like tea saucers, but now they're like full plates. Are you all right? (giggling) As you're glancing around, the light orbs that are slowly drifting, they're leaving trails behind. Oh, yes. You should try some of this fruit, guys.",Perception
Perception,"This entire chamber is roughly 70-ish feet by about 50 feet in size. This orchard, these trees are everywhere. Five-sided still? No, this chamber is four-sided, actually. It seems-- make an intelligence check, actually. Natural 20. Based on the shape of the temple as you saw it, the size of the chamber you were just in, and the chamber below, there should be more space on the sides and the front of it. It looks like this is probably a central chamber of this floor. It's 50 by 70. Do we see any movement in here?",Perception
Investigation,"faint light. Looking across the ground as you look up towards the leaves in these trees, the coloration's not green, necessarily. It's more of a deep purplish brown color to the leaves. Creepy. What's our footing like? Stone, roots, wet? Currently, it looks to be soft earth, and where are the roots and various vines that have entwined their way around from other plant life that have been subsisting off of the ecosystem that's built in this space. What about entrances and exits? You can certainly go check. Make an",Perception
Investigation,"now, and we've already seen that these people hunt, so clearly this fruit isn't their main food supply. They like to get high! Is there any signs of animal life in here? Is it any more complex of an ecosystem? I feel like I'm missing something. You don't see any signs of animals. You don't see bits of droppings or claw marks or teeth marks on any of the nearby trees at all. I'm assuming it's for rituals. You're looking for? Entrances, exits, stonework, writing. I think you said investigation?",Investigation
Perception,"an hour. If I put my hand-- oh wait, no it hasn't. No, It's been more than an hour. I'm going to start casting Comprehend Languages again. I take Nott over to the southern wall. Stop this! I can't take any more! Draw! Draw, Nott, draw! (sobbing) I've seen too much. Should we have been keeping track of which ones were on which wall? I went northern, western, southern. That is right, right? I think that's the right order. I don't understand any of this shit!",Perception
Survival,"understand any of this shit! Make a perception check. Seven. Okay. Caleb, do you want to eat some fruit and look at the--? Do you want me to draw what I see? Yeah. Feed me while I'm casting. I think maybe you should draw what you see. Give me ten minutes. That's on the tablets, right? Any tracks in the dirt?",Survival
Perception,"Too late, he's already getting high! (laughs) Caleb eats the fruit! He bought the ticket. That would have been probably decent enough to get through that message. Over the next minute or so, Caleb, the colors of the lights begin to shift. You guys watch as Caleb begins to slowly move the floating orbs in different patterns. Gets distracted by his own cantrip. (deep and warped) Caleb, how are you feeling? Hey, I stole this ring from you! Caleb, Caleb, Caleb! Oh, it echoes in here.",Perception
Athletics,"see the vine itself, where it's split open, there's a hardy, thick, light green, tendon-like material beneath. It's a very strong vine. It's wrapped around multiple times around Nott now and it's pulling and trying to squeeze her to death. It's fine. Can I wedge my hand in there to try and give a little bit of breathing room for Nott as I punch the vine? You can either attempt to help her escape or you can attempt to punch the vine. The choice is yours. I'll attempt to help Nott escape. All right. This is your action. It might be a terrible mistake.",Athletics
Intimidation,"to make a death saving throw. Oh my god! 16? That's a success. All right. Caduceus. I can sometimes influence plants. I'm going to try and get them to stop. You're going to attempt to-- I'm going to try to tell the trees to stop. Okay. What are you saying? We're not here for you. Let go and stop this, or I can't be held responsible for what happens to this place. Do not join the cycle of life and death here.",Intimidation
Intimidation,"I can sometimes influence plants. I'm going to try and get them to stop. You're going to attempt to-- I'm going to try to tell the trees to stop. Okay. What are you saying? We're not here for you. Let go and stop this, or I can't be held responsible for what happens to this place. Do not join the cycle of life and death here. Make an intimidation check. Do I get advantage? Trees and vines. Yeah, they're mean, though.",Intimidation
Perception,"Just need to get Nott to higher ground. Caleb is fireman's carry. Got to get Nott on --? To higher ground would be nice. Anywhere where we can see clearly. Quickly! Before this runs out. We need to heal. Heal Nott, heal Nott! I just-- do we know where we're going yet? I think down, but I don't know how to get there. I run over and I pick up Nott and I-- Are we still being attacked by these things?",Investigation
Perception,"The warden garden. The warden. Okay, but hang on. Do we want to go in, like, order, and start with the fountain feeds the garden? Sorry, sorry, sorry, ""the sacrifice feeds the fountain"" at east. All right. There is no tablet or hole in the east. Oh. What about -- South? Yeah, south. ""Fountain feeds the garden."" Okay. Into the south. Who's doing what? Are you looking through it? I'll take a look.",Perception
Perception,"east. Oh. What about -- South? Yeah, south. ""Fountain feeds the garden."" Okay. Into the south. Who's doing what? Are you looking through it? I'll take a look. All right. Make a perception check. Are you doing it with a light source below? Can I -- (intoxicated) Absolutely! (huffs) I'm going to keep some distance to see if anything snaps at me.",Perception
Perception,"Can I get a sense of the sort of animal that would've laid-- This is the south room, right? Yeah, this is the south-- fountain feeds the-- You also see what appears to be a broken humanoid corpse, long decomposed, jammed by one of the clusters. Is he wearing manacles? No, no manacles. Also, can I figure out being in here, do we have any idea how those portholes, those four portholes up above, would feed into this room? You can look around you. Go ahead and make a",Perception
Perception,"God, these are terrible. 14. You do see, in some of the walls about two feet off the ground similar sized holes that are pushed in against where some of the vines and some of the carvings are that curl upward-- you imagine probably meeting with some of the holes above. You get the sense that perhaps something uses these to traverse up and down parts of this temple. It could be where, once the eggs hatch, they come up, or this is how they get the eggs down, this is a nesting area. All right, what's the west side really quickly? You head to the west one and you go ahead and look inside, I imagine putting the spheres in",Perception
Perception,"real discerning shapes or details to it, you do see about ten feet ahead of you. It descends into stairs. Ten-foot wide set of stairs. Is there any writing or anything in there? No, but I think it keeps going down. I think they just never quite sealed it up. Seems like a pretty important entrance. I don't know why that would be last on their list. They're not expecting problems, and they don't seem that bright. They're not-- the warden can take care of itself? I guess we'll take a quick look at north just to finish things off?",Perception
Nature,"They're not-- the warden can take care of itself? I guess we'll take a quick look at north just to finish things off? Okay. Make another perception check, please. Why is everyone yelling? 22. This looks to be a sister hatchery room to the one on the south. This one does not contain a body, but just other clusters of eggs. Is it possible to tell if these eggs might hatch anytime soon, or are they that's left of them?",Nature
Investigation,"clutches of-- Is this true? Both look similar, both seem-- Yeah, I'd say so. There's probably no direct danger leaving these things untouched for now. I think we've found a way down there, at the very least. We found our way into the room, though. How big is the entrance into that little, unfinished-- It's the same five-inch tall, 12, 13 inches wide space. Do the tablets look to be on any hinges or levers?",Investigation
Investigation,"Okay. That's a natural one. You have no idea. Can I try reaching with my hands and pulling? Sure. Make a strength check. No, I'm still big! No, I'm not still big. (humming) No. 12. It's wide enough. The actual stone tablets are maybe about three and a half, four inches long. You can get your fingers through and pull on the other side, but it does not budge. At all. Does it seem like it's separating from the rock, even a little, if I take a look at it from the side?",Investigation
Acrobatics,"placed against it. You can see, a very very faint gap where they would probably slide either side to side based on some mechanism. Nott, you think you can fit under that gap? Yeah! Course I can! That's a vast cavern down there. Get going. Okay. (laughter) Which one are you going in? Which one are we near? Which one had the stairs going down? The stairwells? It's the western one. Yeah.",Perception
Investigation,"There's some carvings, and there's a moving staircase. Did you say moving? I think she said moving staircase, yeah. It's not moving fast, it's just going back and forth. Pressing face against the crack on. Do you see-- Jester wants to know if you see a switch. Like a lever, like a switch, or anything. I'm going to keep trying, see if there's anything that connects to anything. Do you need a globule or an owl? Is there light or any keyholes or any switches or--?",Stealth
Perception,"strongly there, Fjord. I appreciate that. Look, ""this is not me trying to impose my will, just continue the arrangement we made. And I do not ""feel like taking the lead. No. That is not the safest route for the captain, eh?"" Why are you looking at me? Is she invisible? No, she's visible. Oh, okay. Did you eat that fruit yet? I wander over and see if there was a dead body in the other one. Yeah. There's a dead body there. Is there anything missing in the room?",Perception
Stealth,"Somebody's dead. Put the high people in the middle, maybe. Okay, so we'll put Caleb and Nott here. Fjord and Yasha are the tallest. We put them-- perfect. I'll be in the very back. I'll be in front of you, just so we have a cleric on either end. All right, and Avantika is going to stay back with Fjord and Caduceus, and Yasha is going to be right in front of you guys. All righty. Are you descending quietly? Yes?",Stealth
Perception,"Let's not before we fight. We're both right. (laughter) What's the plan? Who's going first? Simultaneous. You're going to float your dupe across the water, and as soon as you say go, your dupe casts? Or go around it, it doesn't have to go across the water. Sure, but your dupe floats. We're assuming that the snake creature's asleep? Or meditating. Does it look like it's got its eyes closed?",Investigation
Acrobatics,"I will jump back into the hallway because I'm a coward. All right. Caleb, I think it's a hallucination. Fluffernutter. That finishes Caleb's turn. It is now Yasha, Caduceus and Jester's. I'm going to run out into the room. I want to run out. Can I see both of these creatures? From this position, you cannot. How far would I have to go to see both of them? Hmm, you'd have to get this way and you don't have enough-- you could try and leap off",Athletics
Insight,"That's rough. That finishes Yasha's go. Avantika, it's now her turn to go. Three attacks. Oof, that's not a good round. A two, a three, and 16 on the dagger. That hits, though. Five points of damage for Avantika. Yeah! Avantika! Yeah! Let's get out of this! Shared survival! Jamedi is just going to stare back at you and be like, ""I was not hired for this!"" That brings us to the hydra's turn. You want to reply to that, do you? I'm curious if I buy his bullshit or not.",Insight
Perception,"Oh yeah. Hey, you guy! How come you did not do anything? He glances around and steps down another step. ""I was not paid to do anything of this sort. ""I was a guide. I was to delve. I am not skilled in the ways you are. I'm not stupid to throw myself ""in front of a beast so large."" Worried you could maybe die? It was pretty touch-and-go. Do you want to sit back and stay safe and then get eaten? I am really not myself right now. Yeah. You're being super aggro. It's intense. Is Jamedi wearing any weapons?",Perception
Perception,"equipment and materials, in the way he's armored and dressed, is for expediency, lack of sound, and meant to blend into his surroundings fairly easy. A lot of browns, grays, and dull greens. He's definitely more of a scout and a tracker, based on his skill set from what you've seen, than any sort of frontline fighter. I want to go over to Avantika. As you approach, she gets up and rummages off the side and pulls off a small lantern she keeps notched on the side of her belt. Do I see anything else tucked up under there while she is doing that that looks of interest or of importance?",Perception
Arcana,"We have not explored all of this. ""This is true."" She begins to make her way towards the well at the center of the chamber. I was heading that way myself. Is there any writing of any kind? Glancing about at the pillars, you two can see within the shapes glowing runes that trace from ceiling to floor, then across the ground and all meet at the well. Am I able to read it with the Comprehend Languages that should still be cooking, because it's an hour-long spell? It's not technically a language. These are runes. These are glyphs of some kind. Make an",Arcana
Investigation,"as you approach, the body lies there, tongue lolling out and drool and blood, a mixture of thick saliva mingling with the dark black-purple blood out of the corner of its mouth, its eyes wide open and rolled back. Its dark, thick green scales of its snake-like head and thick, muscular scaled torso all lie limp across the stone where it was slain. Its blade has clattered to the ground a few feet from its grasp and its polished marble and silver shield scattered a few feet from its form. The rest of its tail coils and is limp off to the side from there. I'll rifle around looking for any keys or objects.",Investigation
Athletics,"I have a few things that I'd like to talk about. Okay, go. Okay, you jump in. First off, Caleb's distraction has given her quite a lead. She's a fairly accomplished swimmer and is making her way down. This well continues on for a good 70, 80 or so feet below. The water is cold. It is salt water. Oh! Salt water? Salt water, not brackish but salt water? Right. You are swimming after her? Mhm.",Athletics
Athletics,"because the water is-- because of your armor, it's not giving you as much resistance heading south. Athletics? 19. You begin to close the gap slowly, but she's eagerly swimming down with almost a fervor. As you get deeper into this column, this basin below, the walls begin to grow thick with algae and grime like a thick-- It could be a plant matter that's just accrued over the walls, or it could be waste matter from the hydra in its home that has slowly congealed to cover the walls. The stone begins to give way to this dark, slick material. Once you hit about the 70, 80 foot point, the tunnel begins to open like a giant bulb or internal, spherical",Athletics
Athletics,"like a thick-- It could be a plant matter that's just accrued over the walls, or it could be waste matter from the hydra in its home that has slowly congealed to cover the walls. The stone begins to give way to this dark, slick material. Once you hit about the 70, 80 foot point, the tunnel begins to open like a giant bulb or internal, spherical chamber. Role another athletics check. 14. She's still keeping her distance from you. Heading deeper in, the saltiness of the water, the brininess, the flavor in your mouth gets more intense. What was once a semblance of sea water is definitively sea water, but also very strongly",Athletics
Athletics,"What's our visibility like? 40, 60? For you, because you have dark vision, you can see within 30 feet of you, essentially. As far as you look the chamber is-- There's not a lot of natural light, right? No. Not at all. It's pitch black down here. That being the case, you don't see the bottom of the chamber, you just see it open-- And just her. And just her, but she's gaining. James Cameron going down to find the Titanic. Just delving straight down into the",Investigation
Investigation,"continue to follow, you get probably 40 or so feet from her, but she's still ahead of you. Role again. Natural 20. Natural 20, nice! She rolled okay. You see, now, the bottom begin to approach. In the peripheral of your dark vision, the floor greets to meet you and you pick up enough speed to where you both impact the bottom of this chamber at the same time. You both hit. She looks up at you, and your eyes meet. A few bubbles escape from her mouth and you see her big, wide, toothy grin and she begins scraping grime off the floor. I do the same.",Investigation
Investigation,"the inside. The pillars themselves still stand, but there are multiple places in this chamber now where these large black cracks now seem to have snaked their way in one instant burst across parts of the wall. They are picking the lock on this safe. The glowing runes blink out. I think the lock's picked. Maybe. They might need three. There's two of three. I'm eyeing Jamedi as I say that. Presumably just two of three. As long as it's just one, maybe Fjord is thinking better of it. I immediately start searching on the ground for another opening.",Investigation
Athletics,Make an investigation check. Maybe it's not all here. Maybe it's in another location. Maybe there are two other temples. 12. You start pulling through the weeds and the kelp and the grime and-- nothing. It's all smooth stone except for this one little alcove that you found first. Avantika is now swimming frantically up towards the surface. Frantically? Just trying to kick. She lost quite a bit of air. I'll go grab her. You go grab her? Okay. Make a grapple,Athletics
Deception,"stone except for this one little alcove that you found first. Avantika is now swimming frantically up towards the surface. Frantically? Just trying to kick. She lost quite a bit of air. I'll go grab her. You go grab her? Okay. Make a grapple check-- make an athletics check. Stone cold. Seven. No, she kicks right out of your grasp. She looks back with an expression of surprise. I'm pointing at the ground.",Deception
Perception,"that is lifted up, and there's orchard before you. What do you do? Oh, the orchard, that's right. Were there-- There were stairs up the sides, right? Weren't there spiral stairways? Yeah, there is the fountain, but it has been-- It rose back up to the top when this chamber door was opened. Oh, so there's no stairs? Currently, no. It's raised up and closed off, the front, when you opened the doorway to get deeper into the basement. Can we see to the ceiling of this chamber?",Perception
Investigation,"Right. Hang on. Do I remember which one was the-- I do. Make an intelligence check. Nine. Oh, plus six? No, this is not a saving throw. No, it's just straight bonus. Plus three? So, 12. You recall it was in the chamber where you're standing, and it's not too far from the stairs where you guys descended below. Okay. Do I see a little door, a little hole near where I'm standing? You look over to the side. Make a quick",Stealth
Acrobatics,"where it is smooth walls before you can actually get to the top floor. Yeah. Cool. We'll get up there and drop a rope. Yeah, I can do that. Let's try that. Let's go. Like to make the jump? Do you want to jump off of Yasha or anything? Sure. Can Yasha fly? Give me a boost, the cheerleader hoist? Yasha goes over and gives you a boost. That",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"them rapidly. You're now gliding through the street along with the flow of the water, trying to keep above the surface. Caduceus being pushed along by little Nott, going (thudding). At this point, from one of the nearby building tops, you see two of these centurion yuan-ti see you guys pass beneath, begin giving out a call, and then shouting over in their direction pointing towards you. Your presence is now aware to at least a handful of nearby yuan-ti. Their weapons were either lost in the stream or not wielded of course, but they're beginning to pull out their things. You guys continue to ride this forward, you're leading the path, the way you can go. I",Acrobatics
Athletics,"that he had set on his map beforehand that had avoided the bigger dangers in the jungle. Between the two of you, you manage to get a fair bit in there, and the sound of the chasing yuan-ti does not seem to be getting louder, which is good. That's one, who does the next offer? I was going to say Yasha can take out the Magician's Judge and start cleaving machete-style through the brush, making it far easier for us to move. Okay, Yasha going to push at the front, which, with a higher speed than you, she can definitely do, and begin to carve through swarths of the jungle to make it an easier passage. For",Athletics
Deception,"Yeah, rumble of thunder you can do, it has limitations to the sound you can make, but you can make a rumble of thunder. I can't make it the cry of a raven-- ""such as"" is what it says. Oh, ""such as--"" I misunderstood what you're saying. Yeah, there are certain sounds you can make, the sound of a whole group-- I'm making the sound of people rummaging through-- Okay, so rustling in the bushes, it makes sense. Yes, I'm pushing it away from us and moving us in that direction.",Deception
Arcana,"that are currently making their way in the direction of near where your party is currently waiting for you. The more time that passes, the closer the yuan-ti get to your party. I'm going to cast Mage Hand. They're holding nets and what else? Four of them have shields and spears, and two of them have spears with nets, and the other ones have nets apparently tucked behind their back. They're out here to catch and drag things back. Okay, Jesus, I got nothing, man. I'm just going to try to Mage Hand and trip the guy in the back with his own net. Just pull it down a little.",Arcana
Arcana,"direction of near where your party is currently waiting for you. The more time that passes, the closer the yuan-ti get to your party. I'm going to cast Mage Hand. They're holding nets and what else? Four of them have shields and spears, and two of them have spears with nets, and the other ones have nets apparently tucked behind their back. They're out here to catch and drag things back. Okay, Jesus, I got nothing, man. I'm just going to try to Mage Hand and trip the guy in the back with his own net. Just pull it down a little. Okay, make an arcana check.",Arcana
Arcana,"nets and what else? Four of them have shields and spears, and two of them have spears with nets, and the other ones have nets apparently tucked behind their back. They're out here to catch and drag things back. Okay, Jesus, I got nothing, man. I'm just going to try to Mage Hand and trip the guy in the back with his own net. Just pull it down a little. Okay, make an arcana check. Arcana check? Yes. This is to see if you can influence the magical nature of your cantrip strong enough to try and trip up one of them.",Arcana
Athletics,"16, she was 16. Ten. Ten, point of exhaustion, Caduceus. I, yeah. Anyone who has one point of exhaustion, your ability checks are at disadvantage right now. Damn. Two points, your speed is halved. I remember that well. I have the ability to carry a large amount because of my size, can I piggyback and not get too much of a roll if I throw Caleb on my back? I will make this one of your checks. Okay.",Athletics
Athletics,"back? I will make this one of your checks. Okay. Make an athletics check. Oh man. You have disadvantage because-- Or you could have Yasha do it. I'll have Ya-- yeah, no, that's a better idea, because I was-- five hit points, maybe not. Okay, so you share the idea with Yasha, Yasha's going to attempt to-- Athletics? Does Yasha have a point of exhaustion? She does.",Athletics
Arcana,"and orange with the coming sunset light. Nott emerges from the nearby brush. (panting) She's catching up with the rest of you guys. (panting) I'm exhausted. On the ship! On the ship! They're right behind me! You guys look and there are the two rowboats that are still right where you left them. Yasha's moving towards the beach, Caleb's going to just start firing Firebolt after Firebolt at the treeline, I've a 120 foot range, and is going to set the jungle on fire behind us.",Perception
History,"water surged out of the temple like that. We also heard a large cracking sound as if a lock had been broken or a wall had been broken. You said they were protective in nature? Yeah. So three murals. Three creatures-- beings. Three chosen ones. And three different eyes in each. A creature of the sea, a creature of the air with fire-- And a creature of the earth. Do I remember anything from hitting the books in school of some gods?",History
Deception,"""His corpse now adorns one of the many beautiful islands and now I have this beautiful reminder."" The hand, you can see, it's now mostly healed over, but there is a scar where this orb once resided in her palm. I'll stand and just pace around the quarters, looking at the various iconography of the serpent. As you're pacing, she talks towards you. ""It's very interesting that you carry the same ""blade as Vandren did and come to me with what could very well be the same orb. Do you know this ""one? This Vandren?"" I don't. We should find him.",Investigation
Stealth,"And we fade to black. Do I make my way back to quarters before sun-up? I don't know if I want to stay the entire evening there. You do fall asleep together. Oh! Okay. Unless you choose to not wish to. No, I'm not going to stay. You don't walk out of the captain's quarters at sun-up. Plus, I'm super tired. I will leave and try to stealth back to the quarters of everyone else. I have a passive perception of 18. I know. Hopefully you're super asleep.",Stealth
Performance,"""repairs around this place."" Yeah, I will definitely do that, but I also want to learn how to do tattoos. Can you teach me that? ""I can try and teach you some of--"" I'm a really good artist, Orly. ""-- m-m-my skills. However, I got a specific talent with some of this here."" Yeah, it's a thing that you wrap around your fingers and then you go like this? ""Kind of. Here, do you m-m-mind?"" The guy's like, ""Uh."" I'm a really good artist, don't worry. ""Sure?"" Orly helps show you how he threads this and gets the needle set up. Go ahead and make",Performance
Perception,"helps you point it in the direction. Here you see a vessel, a little ways off on the horizon. A little bit north of where you are, a northwestward direction. She whispers over your shoulder so the rest of you can hear. ""Glancing at this ship ahead of us, it appears to be a Concord ship. A shipping vessel probably carrying trade goods. It appears to be equipped for rapid travel, but we could head it off. As my quartermaster, I ask you for your opinion. What should we do?"" Well, I'm sure it's a ship of innocents. We don't want to stray from our path, correct? ""Take a look. What do you see?"" I'll use the spyglass.",Perception
Perception,"to be? Nope? Boatswain and carpenter? Yeah. I'm a carpenter, Fjord. I'm learning to be a carpenter. Okay, carpenter and-- And a really good tattoo artist. What are you? A boatswain. Oh, well, I had that completely fucking backwards. I take real good notes. What say you on such a dangerous expedition as this? May I? Oh yes, of course. I'm going to take a look at this thing.",Perception
Perception,"backwards. I take real good notes. What say you on such a dangerous expedition as this? May I? Oh yes, of course. I'm going to take a look at this thing. Make a perception check. 22. Okay. You make out the same details as he does. Nothing catches your attention. Nothing about it seems out of the ordinary per se, but it does seem to be a vessel that is filled with its payload and making its way south. Let me see!",Perception
Intimidation,"parlay with your captain and we hope to keep this entire confrontation as bloodless and reasonable as humanly possible. We will do our best to be civil and not encourage anything inappropriate over the next several minutes. We would appreciate your cooperation in this direction. Then I'm going to try and make all the doors open and available to us from the other ship with Thaumaturgy as well. I'm going to pop all their doors open. Soon as that sentence comes to an end, you hear a rapid clattering of heavy wood against wood. It's all of the various ports and doors in the interior of the ship all manage to slam open at once. All the members on the opposite side look",Intimidation
Intimidation,"of this ogre. So now you have that. Our friend here is going to play chaperone and ensure everyone stays nice and happy up here. Beau, would you mind coming with me? Yeah, absolutely. Let us know if you need anything. Will do. Again, I must emphasize, no tricky business. We're in good moods. It would be smart to keep it that way. I fire off a Fire Bolt straight up into the sky in an arc over and let it land in the ocean. A Fire Bolt? Yeah, a Fire Bolt. You don't want us to be unhappy.",Intimidation
Investigation,"Where is the captain's quarters? The captain's quarters is underneath in the back. Be right back. I'm going to go into the captain's quarters. Okay. As you head down, almost everybody who's on the ship is up top. You see a few figures that are deckhands cowering in rooms. They're scared shitless and when you begin walk past you hear (shushing). They're trying to stay quiet. You're in the captain's quarters. What are you doing? I'm looking for any type of important paperwork, correspondence, what these guys are, traveling logs.",Investigation
Investigation,"In here? You do not, not within this chamber. All right. I go meet Fjord and Norgul. Nope! Ipess. That's who's with us, I go meet them. Okay. While you're looking, are you waiting for Beau or are you heading out? Yeah, we go together. Beau joins up with you guys. What'd you find? Oh, an entire inventory of the ship. That looks interesting! Oh, yes, indeed it does. Who wants to ask about that? Oh, I believe I will.",Investigation
Intimidation,"I'll point out the ones with the food, some of the water and some of those frozen fruits as well for scurvy needs. ""Okay."" They're all trying to keep a distance from you, scurry down and begin lifting things, at which point a voice below goes, ""What's going on?"" and they go, ""Shh."" They begin to move things back up to the top. I'll grab one of them before they-- I heard that. I crack my knuckles behind Fjord. You know, if you were on the sea long enough, you would know that I'm the type that only asks a question once. Who else is down here?",Intimidation
Perception,"It's 30-foot. Okay, at the very least, I'm going to get close and walk the-- Oh, yeah. Okay. As you begin to make your way over towards the bow, concentrating on the spell, a tiny little magic source below you, deep in the ship, catches your attention. In the other ship? In the other ship, yes. There's something magic down below. While this is happening-- I say that all the time to my lady friends, by the way. You guys head down into the cargo hold. Super on edge and guarded.",Perception
Perception,"you try? Yeah, can I give it a better look with my darkvision? No, because you spent your turn helping her. That's right, I'm helping her. Of course. Technically it's both of you looking. Okay, Caduceus aired the fact that he is a little nervous, so I place my hand on Caduceus' shoulder and then look through Frumpkin's eyes to see what's going on. I'm getting a little bit of magic down there, I don't know what it is, but it's making me nervous. Okay. Looking through Frumpkin's eyes, make",Perception
Persuasion,"checking in. You're just keeping an eye? Okay. So you're just keeping tabs on the situation. That's exactly what I want to do. I just want to let it known that I'm asking for a volunteer from the other crew. Oh god. I need a volunteer! They all look at each other. It can be anyone, but there should be at least one! The captain steps forward and goes, ""For what?"" For a special present! It's a treat!",Persuasion
Intimidation,"You can wifi suck HP out of somebody like that? Mm-hmm. Yeah! I just turn to Fjord and go: Frumpkin listens to my commands! That ends Frumpkin's go. Fjord, you're up. I will stand up after having getting the holy fucking shit knocked out of me from those Friend! You better be real sure this is something you want to die for. I would suggest you drop your sword. You're outnumbered. I will take a step back. Nice.",Intimidation
Athletics,"That ends Frumpkin's go. Fjord, you're up. I will stand up after having getting the holy fucking shit knocked out of me from those Friend! You better be real sure this is something you want to die for. I would suggest you drop your sword. You're outnumbered. I will take a step back. Nice. Make an intimidation check. Because he's stunned and beat to shit, I'll give you advantage on it. First one was a 24. Okay, that ends your turn. Yasha's up. Yasha will walk up and attempt to grapple him into a bear hug.",Intimidation
Insight,"glances over towards a crate that is across from where he was sitting that would still be in his visual perspective. But it's an unsuspecting crate pushed in a cluster of others. He looks in that direction and gives a head nudge. I move to it. Okay. Before I open it, I'll look at him and Is there a trap in this damn thing? Frumpkin lands on his head. ""No."" If you're lying to me, I'll slit your throat. Do I think he's lying?",Perception
Deception,"the quartermaster and goes, ""Well done. This will be divvied up appropriately. What else was found? We've got some--"" and then begin to point out the food, the thawing tropical fruit that was placed there. Where's Bouldergut to me? Bouldergut's sitting there with the rest of you, looking around and listening to the captain, looking off into the distance. Maybe ten feet from you. Okay. (stilted) I have to go check on the cannons downstairs. I'll be back later. Wow.",Deception
Sleight of Hand,"adhering to this not-killing aspect of piracy. I can tell you from experience, it does not last very long, but I respect the intent. Anything else?"" I heard there were some very good tropical fruits, super rare, in this crate. Based on what I found, (clicks). Good meal later on. Did we keep the sword? I don't remember. We did, yes. I kept a memento. I hold up the longsword. She looks at you, ""Hmm, not bad."" Bouldergut leans in, right over your shoulder, Beau, and goes, ""What's the--"" I slip her 30 gold.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"What if she does get the last one? Then we would have failed. Well, at least she would be twice as powerful as Fjord is one. It would be a lot for one person. I mean there's also-- She would want the third. Which is inside of you. Which means she would want Fjord's body. Correct. Can I just take a second and ask Caduceus to check the door? I've been paying very close attention and listening in to the hallway and trying to keep a very--",Investigation
Perception,"Six, seven feet. Just looking out, looking, drawing, I'm very distracted. Just dicks dropping into the ocean. (splashing) (laughter) How far away are you, Jester? I think 15 feet. 15 feet. Not far. Seeing where Jester is, I'll pull Caleb aside. May I ask you a frank question? Of course you can. I scan around for Avantika.",Persuasion
Sleight of Hand,"of the Dragshallow Reefs. Matt? Before you go on, can I just real quickly steal a bunch of gunpowder, while I was learning how to be a powder monkey? You did have days. Okay, you do know that the current master gunner is keeping a very close eye on you after you have exhibited-- I'm talking like a pinch here. Shawshank style? Yeah, little pinches at a time. I don't want tons, I'm not trying to steal a barrel, just enough to make one of those bangy arrows again, just enough for the tip of an arrow.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"the reefs. You can now see the tangled graveyard of destroyed ships and gathered driftwood marking the shallow spots across this jagged cluster of reef. Curving around a southwestern passage, a channel, that opens. The channel beckons you entry as you turn to head northward to what would be the center, the heart of this cluster. No more than maybe 20 minutes into entering this channel, Avantika shouts up at the rest of the crew, ""Raise ""the colors!"" at which point the massive ogre, Bouldergut, tosses the gnomish second mate, Ipess, high up to the central mast, to the crow's nest, where he swaps out the flag to a new one, one that is straight purple. As it begins to push its way",Perception
Perception,"reef. Curving around a southwestern passage, a channel, that opens. The channel beckons you entry as you turn to head northward to what would be the center, the heart of this cluster. No more than maybe 20 minutes into entering this channel, Avantika shouts up at the rest of the crew, ""Raise ""the colors!"" at which point the massive ogre, Bouldergut, tosses the gnomish second mate, Ipess, high up to the central mast, to the crow's nest, where he swaps out the flag to a new one, one that is straight purple. As it begins to push its way in, make a perception check. All of us? Is the flag just solid purple?",Perception
History,"placed both as a communal barricade on top of the reef, and as a challenge to anything that wishes to come in, but you can see in areas where the rock itself is a little more sturdy and above the surface, there are watchtowers, and there are bolt-throwers and catapults, and there are defenses all across elements of this reef that you imagine are one of the many reasons it's not been taken back by the Clovis Concord in what you would know to be the 40-plus years that Darktow has belonged to what is known as the Revelry. The Revelry? The Revelry is the communal band of pirates that work together to maintain some internal",History
History,"I'm just scared. Whoops. In the meantime, the rest of the crew seems to have followed suit with Avantika, leaving a few crewmen that are just a part of the docks to keep watch. How guarded or patrolled or monitored are the docks? Pretty damn well patrolled and monitored. This is the bread and butter of their business. In this area, are there uniformed patrols or do you just see well armed-- Muscle is obviously everywhere. You get the sense here, and based on your",History
Perception,"the edge, you can imagine a few folks have found their end with an odd misstep. The stairs finally stop at a wide stone shelf that overlooks the town at about 200 to 300 feet above, the furthermost edge ending just above the rocky waters of the inlet. A cave mouth greets you against the cliff, warm with firelight. Two watchmen notice you and they stand there keeping an eye as a cloaked man pushes past you to descend from where you came. He just pushes past you. Avantika nods to the guards and shows the chest. The guy that pushes past, what's he look like? What's he wearing? He's a little ways past you now. Make a",Perception
Perception,"I guess so, we're going to go just enjoy your fine place now, thank you for having us. ""Of course."" Do you have a favorite cocktail at the Bloated Cup? Or a favorite spot. A brew, or-- ""No, I have my drinks brought up here."" Right, course you do. All right, bye. As Avantika leaves, the rest of you are leaving. Takes his arms and pushes you out, leading you to the exit. Just the Plank King and Linus in that room, outside from Avantika?",Perception
Insight,"much this separation and attention that you're the newcomers, and a strange, new shiny thing in their captain's eye. This is the first time you've seen them a little bit three sheets to the wind as a group, and they're talking openly. Avantika has a definite zealotry to her, but you start noticing members of the crew and why they are with her or, at least, now that they've been there, they've also bought into these tales of Uk'otoa. You get the sense that they believe that this path that she's following will lead to her success and, by default, probably their success. How many of them are true believers? Give or take?",Insight
Deception,"was--? ""Sorris. Sorris Kay. What's your name?"" Oh, I'm Fjord. Nice to meet you. ""Fjord? All right."" Are you a captain, or do you do something else that's more specialized? ""Me? No, I'm a sniper."" A sniper? What do you snipe with? ""Things. Why are you so curious?"" You're an interesting fellow. ""Speak for yourself, sir. What's your name?"" My name is Phillip.",Deception
Athletics,"16. Oh, he beats you at a 17. 15 plus two. For a small size, he is quick and he jukes to one side, turns around, and goes for a haymaker to the side of your face! That's cocked. That's a 14 to hit. Oh, I turn and he hits my shield. Ping! ""Ah!"" I swipe at him with my tail and try to trip him. Go for it. Make another attack roll. 19! Are you just doing damage or are you trying to shove him and knock him prone? Just knock him prone.",Athletics
Persuasion,"real damage to each other. I'm going to pat his head and cast Cure Wounds. Aww. We're awwing. He's on the edge, finish him! I don't want to knock him out, he's cute. 1st-level. You have mashed his hair spikes down. That is six points of healing. That's two punches taken away. One and a half. We're friends now. He goes, ""Huh. Thank you?"" You're welcome.",Persuasion
History,"back down at the table. Do divers die there? At this point, Sorris goes, ""Oh, is that where you're going? You're going over to the ""Diver's Grave?"" It would appear so, yeah. ""Well, that's certainly an off-limits location for most salvaging, thanks to the cursed ""woman, eh? Do you know much about your history?"" I'm hoping this is a place where somebody named Rachel Diver may have bought a piece of land or something. ""Close, but not at all."" Yeah, or Sophie. It's always a Sophie.",History
History,"""Diver's Grave?"" It would appear so, yeah. ""Well, that's certainly an off-limits location for most salvaging, thanks to the cursed ""woman, eh? Do you know much about your history?"" I'm hoping this is a place where somebody named Rachel Diver may have bought a piece of land or something. ""Close, but not at all."" Yeah, or Sophie. It's always a Sophie. Make a history check. You can with disadvantage, because of your lack of experience with the naval history. Would I have heard ghost stories?",History
Perception,"tipsy, and I'm going to find myself an evening's ""rest. The rest of the night and tomorrow is yours. Good eve."" Bon soir. Good night. Bye. As she gets up, some of the rest of the crew stands up, you see Bouldergut in the back stand up as soon as the captain stands up, and goes like, ""We going?"" ""Come on, this way."" Walks by, puts her hand on your shoulder, and into your ear, Fjord, as she whispers, she goes, ""I'm staying ""upstairs, second room on the left,"" and leaves. Did any of us see that?",Perception
Perception,"""upstairs, second room on the left,"" and leaves. Did any of us see that? Make a perception check. (laughter) Oh, that's a bad roll. You see everything, why are you even rolling? 11. It feels pretty public. 15. You've got fucking Mad-Eye Moody's eye where it's on me the whole time and the other one's doing its own thing. Actually, Caduceus, just from his passive",Perception
Perception,"I'm trying to get an image of her in my brain here. Yeah? Did she have like a really good nose or something? The best. Really? For me. You're mysterious, Caleb, you know that? That was a long time ago, anyway. Let's just focus on getting out of this place away from that woman. And now she's saying we all have to take the same boat. How are we going to get away from her? Is there anyone paying attention to us?",Perception
History,"materials for sale are left behind. It's mainly just a structure and materials are probably brought there in the morning and are placed out for trade, sell, or whatever. Don't you think it's weird that someone would be a pirate and they would come here because they were a pirate and then they change their mind and decide to be a shopkeeper here instead? No. Maybe they were looking for a new environment and they found exactly what they were looking for. Maybe they thought they were tough and strong, and they were not as tough and strong as they thought, so now they sell rope.",History
Perception,"Okay. Yasha is doing what as part of this? I think Yasha is probably either with you-- She's either with you or with us, I imagine. Probably with you. She's a bit conspicuous. If things go really bad, she'll be ready to help out on that side of things. If Bouldergut is in the Bloated Cup, that's where Yasha is. There you go. I turn my cloak inside-out to the inconspicuous side, and case towards the docks, and start casing the area for Revelry that are guarding the area, or potentially, a good place for them to do the thing.",Perception
Perception,"okay. We're ready. Let's do this. While you guys begin to set your ways, Fjord. You make your way to the Bloated Cup. Where do you head? (singing) Thunderstruck! I'll head up the stairs to the second room on the right, was it? (whispering) Left. Second room on the left. Do you want to knock? Anyone in the hallways? At the moment, no. No sign of Bouldergut?",Perception
Perception,"on the right, was it? (whispering) Left. Second room on the left. Do you want to knock? Anyone in the hallways? At the moment, no. No sign of Bouldergut? Make a perception check. 11. No, no sign of Bouldergut. She's an ogre. I know. Okay. Yeah, second door on the right, and I'll put my ear against the door.",Perception
Perception,"ears? (heartbeat) (knocking) There's a slight pause and you hear some rustling and some shuffling. A voice goes, ""Who is it?"" Oh, sorry. Is-- (clears throat) is the captain in? ""Who the fuck is this?"" Fjord. Who's this? ""Piss off, I'm sleeping."" Second door on the-- Is there a door across the hall? There is. I'll put my ear on that one.",Perception
Stealth,"You can, but there's a lack of color. It's mostly some shades of black and white and gray. We should probably figure out a way to light up the room. Are there curtains? There are two sets of small curtains that are currently tied off on the sides of the windows that can open onto the balcony. Do you want to burn them for light? No, we should close them. Oh, okay. That's better. I sneak over and close the windows quietly. Just close the windows. As a general note, I would like you both to",Perception
Perception,"I take my cloak off and I put it next to the doorway to block the light. I'll take my cloak and hang it over the curtains so it's double-blocked. Okay, like duvet over the window. I light the candle. I signal to Caleb that they've made it on the ship. I was going to say, once I'm out and about, about once every 30 seconds I will lean on something, pretending like I'm slightly drunk, and I will go into Frumpkin's vision from above, just for five seconds, to look at the activity on the boat and where those guards are, and then go out of it.",Perception
Investigation,"Technically, yes. Now that you have the candlelight there, gently there, quietly. We start searching through her office. What are you looking for? We're looking for anything she's written about where the last fruit tree is, the last temple. You're going through papers, yeah? I'm going through papers. I'm going to go around the walls and look for hidden safes. I'm looking through her desk, seeing if I can find any false bottoms or anything like that to try to find secret information. Okay. Do you want to each make an",Investigation
Perception,"books and look behind it, along the back of the actual bookshelf itself. You don't find any hidden pockets in there. There's a small cabinet underneath, and you open it up and there's a series of wooden and metal cups, wine goblets and various types of imbibement containers. Pushing through there, you do find one panel on the back that's a bit loose, and you slide it off and behind there you see a small leather book. I'll check it for traps. Make a-- Investigation? The weird perception/investigation thing for traps, this is the eternal debate back and forth.",Investigation
Stealth,"That's loud. Okay. All right. In pirate clothes. Sure! Pirate Keg, Pirate Molly. Yeah. The most inconspicuous person. With a cloak over his head! Just a purple tiefling. You guys are disguised-- I did it. I already said it. Still Pass Without A Trace. Still trying to sneak out. Oh my god. Up on deck though, and see if anyone's around.",Stealth
Stealth,"Run! We run. While stealthing? Or just running? Off the back of the boat. Okay. They have major disadvantage to try and spot you because they're distracted by the flames. Are we being stealthy? Yeah, we're stealthing. Were stealthing. Or running? No, we're stealthing. Quickly. We're moving from-- You're stealthing. We're stealthing!",Stealth
Athletics,"How's that charisma bonus working out for you? I'm lying great. This is going perfectly. You shot me! Now the screaming is less frantic and more a pained scream while the rest of the various watchers of the dock start making their way over, while you guys are swimming? I'm wet and upset! Why did you do that?! Just away and around. Okay, so you're probably following under the docks. All right. Both of you guys make an",Athletics
Stealth,"you're walking. 19. 19! All right. The water, as it's coming in, the waves are crashing against the rocky edge and shore of Darktow Isle right here. Don't let go, Nott! I won't ever let go! One end of the docks, you can hear the footsteps passing overhead. Oh god! I'm letting go! They pass by. You guys make it over to the edge of the rocks and, with the water pushing, you manage to not be dashed against the rocks to any point of personal injury. You manage to climb up.",Athletics
Perception,"something's up. You can see, now somebody is giving out directions to the other guards. Something is definitely not right, and the docks are now going into heightened search mode. Let's get the fuck out of here, right? Yeah. We're just going to calmly walk into town? I don't know. Okay. While you guys are doing that, Caleb, you see all this happening. Yeah, I would have quieted down with the singing and just tried to go more lowkey. I don't know what's going on, so I'm still watching the boat.",Perception
Intimidation,"thing unfold. Boat. Bloated Cup. Back and forth. Waiting. You're lead back to the top of the docks. The figure has their hand on your shoulder and calls over somebody else. He goes, ""Hey, Waynon! Looks like we got someone who's stowed away here ""to Darktow."" I say: Sup, Waynen? He looks over to you and goes, ""What's your business?"" I'm with Avantika's crew. You can ask her if you want, but I don't think you really want to. Pretty sure she's above your pay grade, am I right?",Intimidation
Perception,"Sup, guys. How was your night walk? It went very well, I take it. Fjord, you're sitting over and you watch them all talking just outside of the inn. There was a little hiccup. Schmidle of a one. But we took care of it. Shh. Who's around? I mean, there are guards walking-- Do I see a commotion from here? The commotion seems to have died down at the moment. Nothing crazy going on on our ship? I don't see some figures or anything?",Perception
Perception,"Okay. Hey, just throwing it out there, there seemed to be a couple of loose ends that we need to tie up. Can you make us an alibi? What do you mean? Like, suggest to someone that we were drinking with them all night, in case it's asked? They'll know. Oh, well then don't do that. Never mind. Who's really drunk, though? Is there someone real drunk? I assume a lot of people down there. Is anyone real drunk? Look real drunk in the tavern?",Insight
Insight,"Hey, just throwing it out there, there seemed to be a couple of loose ends that we need to tie up. Can you make us an alibi? What do you mean? Like, suggest to someone that we were drinking with them all night, in case it's asked? They'll know. Oh, well then don't do that. Never mind. Who's really drunk, though? Is there someone real drunk? I assume a lot of people down there. Is anyone real drunk? Look real drunk in the tavern? Make a perception check. Or actually, this",Insight
Insight,"What do you mean? Like, suggest to someone that we were drinking with them all night, in case it's asked? They'll know. Oh, well then don't do that. Never mind. Who's really drunk, though? Is there someone real drunk? I assume a lot of people down there. Is anyone real drunk? Look real drunk in the tavern? Make a perception check. Or actually, this would be an insight check. That was part of our crew. Part of the Squalleater.",Insight
Deception,"have been there to protect you from these attackers. ""Attackers? It's just fucking him."" He points over at the other guy who's just like, ""Stop rubbing it in. I'm sorry! You fucking jumped into the middle of my room at night while I was ""sleeping. What else am I supposed to do?"" He's like, ""Not stab me, asshole!"" Who's the other guy's name? ""That's Zoen."" I'm sorry we couldn't have been there to protect you from Zoen. What a dick. I mean, we were here all night fucking trashed, so-- If we had only been there. The best.",Deception
Medicine,"that, or otherwise. ""Sure, I guess. This way."" Yeah, I'll take care of it real quick. He brings you over to the dock and you look over and there's this guy, you know his name is Bart, he's one of the deckhands, and he's over on the side right now just going (pained groaning) and you can see, it's snapped. Like, bone protruded and everything. Oh, compound! Oh in that case, Healing Word, level three. Okay, you may have to set the bone first. Woo!",Medicine
Medicine,"""Sure, I guess. This way."" Yeah, I'll take care of it real quick. He brings you over to the dock and you look over and there's this guy, you know his name is Bart, he's one of the deckhands, and he's over on the side right now just going (pained groaning) and you can see, it's snapped. Like, bone protruded and everything. Oh, compound! Oh in that case, Healing Word, level three. Okay, you may have to set the bone first. Woo! Make a medicine check.",Medicine
Medicine,"You walk up to him and he's like, ""No no no no!"" It's all right. (pained gasp) (relieved gasp) There you go. (gasp) He looks down and you can see there's a wave of relief on him as he doesn't have this like protruding fracture. It's set. Still, you can see the bone, but it's much better-looking than it was. Let's give him a Cure Wounds level three just to-- Go for it. Or, what does he look like, a level two or a level three to you?",Medicine
Deception,"it out, but it just kept growing and growing and I ""could feel the heat, and it was--"" It looks fine up there. ""I know, I don't--"" What did you-- what was the last 24 hours for you? What did you? ""What do you mean?"" I mean like, I don't-- oh, no. ""What?"" (sighs) I may have left some of the fruit that we picked up in our last stop in the kitchen. I don't know what you've been eating for the last-- that's maybe my fault. I really hope it isn't, but--",Deception
Perception,"I'm tired. Charlie Adler concurs. (laughter) He's very stern for Charlie Adler. No, it's Caleb. We'll all pile into one room before we separate for the night. Okay. You all gather into one of the chambers. We kind of stagger a bit, though. Should we look around the room and make sure nobody can spy on us? Look for peepholes in the room. Look for invisible peoples in the room.",Perception
Insight,"into smaller gems. If you're going to plant them on anybody, Vera would be a good candidate. Vera? Why do you think Vera? Well, because she's a bitch. We got to get her out of here. She's, you know, wants my job. Isn't that just because you stole her job? That seems like a legitimate beef. I think she's in love with Avantika, too. How do you know that? Because she pulled me aside and she was like, ""I don't like Fjord and I'll kill him if you ""want me to."" She said she's going to kill him?!",Insight
Perception,"into smaller gems. If you're going to plant them on anybody, Vera would be a good candidate. Vera? Why do you think Vera? Well, because she's a bitch. We got to get her out of here. She's, you know, wants my job. Isn't that just because you stole her job? That seems like a legitimate beef. I think she's in love with Avantika, too. How do you know that? Because she pulled me aside and she was like, ""I don't like Fjord and I'll kill him if you ""want me to."" She said she's going to kill him?!",Insight
Insight,"If you're going to plant them on anybody, Vera would be a good candidate. Vera? Why do you think Vera? Well, because she's a bitch. We got to get her out of here. She's, you know, wants my job. Isn't that just because you stole her job? That seems like a legitimate beef. I think she's in love with Avantika, too. How do you know that? Because she pulled me aside and she was like, ""I don't like Fjord and I'll kill him if you ""want me to."" She said she's going to kill him?! Perception check. Insight check.",Insight
Investigation,"I wasn't working on the book and the cipher all at once, all through the night? That would've been-- That's the process that happened. That's what I'm saying, yeah. You hand it to Jester to go ahead and hide? Ja. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry. Is there anything in the room that seems like it could be hollow or anything? How so? I'm looking for somewhere that I can put a hole in it, hide the jewels in there, and then Mend it so that it won't look like anything ever touched it. But I'll know where they are.",Investigation
Perception,"I don't want to lose the whole haversack. Do what you've got to do. I do not want to lose the whole haversack. Nope. It's got the Dodecahedron in it. Just toss it, and then we'll come back for it. Behind a dumpster. Nope! TALIESIN. No. You guys at this point have been brought to the docks now, and you're being pushed toward the direction-- You can see the Squalleater there waiting, and there a number of figures already on deck. Is there ever a moment it looks like nobody's looking at us, or me?",Perception
Persuasion,"You don't know. You don't see anybody, necessarily. You have Bouldergut walking behind you, and other people are being ushered in. Can I fall back and talk to Bouldergut? Sure. Bouldergut, what is going on right now? ""I don't know. I wanted to sleep longer."" Me too! Everybody seems so angry at everybody else. Look at the ship right now! It looks crazy, all these people walking around. ""I know, I want to just eat breakfast."" Me too! While I'm talking to her and hopefully when I point at the ship-- Does she look where I point?",Persuasion
Sleight of Hand,"looks crazy, all these people walking around. ""I know, I want to just eat breakfast."" Me too! While I'm talking to her and hopefully when I point at the ship-- Does she look where I point? Make a persuasion check. Look, it's a space shuttle. Dumb as a brick. 22. Yeah, just follows your eyeline over. I reach in the bag and I pull out the jewels and I dump them off the side. I want them to fall in the water as we're walking. Okay, so all the jewels (bubble noises) into",Sleight of Hand
Intimidation,"Woo, Travis! Another fun thing. We've teamed up with our good friend, Patrick Rothfuss, and his fantastic charity, Worldbuilders, to create a special set of Vox Machina single-use buff cards that can be used for your own home games. I ask all you dungeon masters out there, if one of your players brings one of these to the table, to the best of your ability, please allow the one use the card allows because, if not, you hate charitable things, and you're a terrible person. They paid good money to help good people to use these cards. If your DM won't let you, you let me know. Whoa.",Intimidation
Persuasion,"Roll an intimidation check. Does the DM get to keep the ticket if you spend it? Is the question. An eight. That's on par for me, I think. Not higher than 15. Not high enough for me. I'm not an intimidating sort. You lead with your heart. Yeah. Persuasion I can do. For an example, we have the Grog card, where a player of any character can rage once during a combat, regardless of their class, as you want to. (as Grog) Yeah, you've got a rage. Or we have the Vex card, allows you a",Persuasion
Perception,"I know, and it's at disadvantage. (gasps) What did you get?! I rolled a 14 and a 19! She fails! She does! (cheering and laughter) Look at the veins! Oh my god! That was two weeks of tension being released. Orgasms all under the table right now! Holy shit! You watch as the ocean begins to swell upwards. Avantika raises her arm-- but you said the walls are opaque. Can you see through the walls? Can I hear her go (arcane chanting)?",Perception
Acrobatics,"weapons drawn, but in the midst of all this, they see crazy stuff happening and the one person darting at an inhuman speed away from it, and their instinct is to go, ""Whoa, whoa, whoa, let's figure this out."" They're not aggressive yet. That's your turn? Can I say anything? I'd say this happens at the very end of your turn. You're running, running, running, all of a sudden you stop right as they (clanking) right there in front of you. We'll pick that up next turn. Okay. That brings us to Avantika's go. All right. Oh, man. Okay. Avantika is going to leap down off",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Can I say anything? I'd say this happens at the very end of your turn. You're running, running, running, all of a sudden you stop right as they (clanking) right there in front of you. We'll pick that up next turn. Okay. That brings us to Avantika's go. All right. Oh, man. Okay. Avantika is going to leap down off the side of the ship. Acrobatics check. And slip on the ice. No, it's just difficult terrain. Just kidding. Wishful thinking! I will say, it would increase the DC for her landing, I'll give you that. But she did roll an",Acrobatics
Deception,"If you look a little bit ahead of you, around each of the buildings that are right in front of you, there are alleys that curve around that would eventually meet in the road that you guys are currently running down. Anywhere where I can duck and cast Disguise Self really fast? Yes, but you'd have to move up. You probably wouldn't be able to get to an alley to do it this turn. There are people around. There are folks that are watching all this chaos happen off in the distance. Okay, then I'm going to shout: Avantika is attacking people on the island! She's trying to upstage the Plank King! Everybody go see now!",Perception
Perception,"that would eventually meet in the road that you guys are currently running down. Anywhere where I can duck and cast Disguise Self really fast? Yes, but you'd have to move up. You probably wouldn't be able to get to an alley to do it this turn. There are people around. There are folks that are watching all this chaos happen off in the distance. Okay, then I'm going to shout: Avantika is attacking people on the island! She's trying to upstage the Plank King! Everybody go see now! Okay, make a deception check. Can the guards that I'm near hear her? You're a little ways up. I'll roll a",Perception
Persuasion,"fuck out. Okay. This puts you-- Anywhere near Caleb? 60 feet from Caleb at this point. I was 90 feet from Fjord. Correct. You went 30 feet forward and you still have your movement. I'll use the rest of my-- yeah I knew that, I'm planning for that, yeah. I'll use the rest of my 30 feet to run towards that unconscious wizard. Okay, so you go heading towards Caleb. After shouting, ""Avantika's not to be trusted"" after summoning a fucking demon, I'm going to ask you to",Persuasion
Athletics,"That is-- these dice-- That's a 17. Cool. That's one success. Yeah. All right. Deez dice. At the end of Vera's turn, this goes away. Oh. Yeah, which sucks for us, and now they can get to us faster. The sleet and stuff has now melted and dripped off the sides. These guards here-- (guard impression) ""What's all this, then?"" (counting) 30 on each side, and they're both going to attempt to grapple Yasha. Go ahead and",Athletics
Acrobatics,"other guy's going to attempt to-- Make another check. She has to beat a 16. 12, and that's a 21. Yeah, they just can't-- they try and grab her, and she shrugs them off, no problem. These other guards here begin to swarm up to try and grab Nott. This one's going to move up and try and grab Yasha. This one here is going to-- He tries to move forward towards Yasha, and ends up chest-bumping space in the middle of the air, and confusedly is going to try and grapple whatever's there. He has disadvantage on that, so first, I'm going to do that with you. Rolled really well with disadvantage, natural 19 and a natural 17. Make an",Athletics
Athletics,"other guy's going to attempt to-- Make another check. She has to beat a 16. 12, and that's a 21. Yeah, they just can't-- they try and grab her, and she shrugs them off, no problem. These other guards here begin to swarm up to try and grab Nott. This one's going to move up and try and grab Yasha. This one here is going to-- He tries to move forward towards Yasha, and ends up chest-bumping space in the middle of the air, and confusedly is going to try and grapple whatever's there. He has disadvantage on that, so first, I'm going to do that with you. Rolled really well with disadvantage, natural 19 and a natural 17. Make an",Athletics
Acrobatics,"20. 16. She is currently grappled by this guy. He's now grabbed and is holding her in place. She's (grunting). The two other guys are going to try to dogpile in to try to stop her from moving. We have three attempting to grapple you, Nott. Three? Yes. You're tiny. You're dexy. Sure, sure. Here we go. Slippy. All right, so first guy-- Do they roll? Do I roll?",Athletics
Persuasion,"(laughter) That would've been great! That was my next move. Oh, man. All right, that ends. Top of the round. All right, so, Beau. The guards are there in front of you right now. There's three of them shoulder to shoulder, and there's one of them that looks-- the one in the center is a little better-armored. They go, ""Hey, Miss, Miss, where ""are you going?"" They're looking at you and both looking at what's over there. I have requested evidence for the Plank King. He wants to see me directly. It's Avantika. There's a coup. She's trying to take over the city with a demon god.",Persuasion
Deception,"Thank you for that clarification. No worries. That ends the barlgura's turn. Jester, you're up. Okay. You've ducked to the side. You've cast Disguise Self on yourself. To look like a pirate. Okay. Yeah. I'm going to-- Like a pirate. I'm going to walk out and start shouting at guards nearby. Avantika's attacking everyone! I heard 'em say it! Avantika's-- She's finally doing it! She's trying to take over! She's finally doing it!",Deception
Athletics,"Okay. You're up ahead and you hear this in the back, but you don't know it's Jester. You just hear a lot of shouting, so you're like, ""Oh man, my deception worked, other people are yelling this!"" I go: See? To the guards next to me. Perfect. (nonsensical rabble rousing) That finishes Jester's turn. It's Yasha's go. Yasha is currently grappled, but you can still make her actions. She has to use an action to break free if she wants to to move, but otherwise her movement is zero. But she has advantage because she's still raging. She's going to try to break the grapple.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"30 feet. Yeah, with the Misty Step and the movement you had. So you are 30 feet from him. Amazing. I will use my 30 feet of movement to close to Caleb. As you do, you rush past some of the guards that are on the opposite side that were rushing towards you. There's, I believe at this point, four of them that were heading your direction, because there was the one that was going towards Caleb. So we'll say two of them you'll have to push past. They both are going to make attacks of opportunity on you. Just an attempt to grapple to stop. Okay.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"30 feet. Yeah, with the Misty Step and the movement you had. So you are 30 feet from him. Amazing. I will use my 30 feet of movement to close to Caleb. As you do, you rush past some of the guards that are on the opposite side that were rushing towards you. There's, I believe at this point, four of them that were heading your direction, because there was the one that was going towards Caleb. So we'll say two of them you'll have to push past. They both are going to make attacks of opportunity on you. Just an attempt to grapple to stop. Okay.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"resist, combat comes to an end and we are now at a role playing point. At that moment, we'll take a break. Unless you were doing anything? Are you resisting? I'm running. I'm not going back to jail! We'll take a break in a second, then. I'm never going back! Because when it gets to Nott's turn-- Yeah, I'm going to bolt. Okay. If that's the case, there are four guards now. No, because now two of them have changed direction to go towards you and help subdue you guys. There's two after you now. They're both going to attempt to grapple you and",Acrobatics
Performance,"their side. Not yours. They couldn't find yours. I wonder why. They have your crossbow, and they've taken your shield and your staff. Am I within range of everybody? Could I be in the crowd, but near everyone? (laughter) There is a small perimeter being held, but you could get probably within 20, 25 feet or so of them. Then, if I'm within 30 feet, I'm going to cast Prayer of Healing on my buds. Okay. What? On your buds? On my buddies!",Deception
Deception,"They have your crossbow, and they've taken your shield and your staff. Am I within range of everybody? Could I be in the crowd, but near everyone? (laughter) There is a small perimeter being held, but you could get probably within 20, 25 feet or so of them. Then, if I'm within 30 feet, I'm going to cast Prayer of Healing on my buds. Okay. What? On your buds? On my buddies! Make a performance check to see how subtly you can-- no, this would be deception. Make a deception.",Deception
Deception,"""Because I wanted to see if you'd actually do something. Remember, we don't turn on pirates here."" What do I get when I'm right? ""If you're right, then I'll judge you based on the fact that you broke our law as soon as you ""got here, and I'll weigh it versus how positive this tells me. There's not enough, well, maybe you ""and Avantika will find yourselves out there on a pike of warning."" How about we strike a deal right now? Because when you go down there, you're going to see murdered crew mates and a U burned into the deck of that ship from where she was trying to summon Uk'otoa.",Persuasion
Deception,"Well, we're from Wildemount. Hired mercenaries from the Empire. I'm with a secret order of the monks from the Cobalt Soul, known as the Expositors. Avantika has been a person of interest that we've been wanting to investigate for some time, and I was sent to do that. So, unfortunately, our business has nothing to do with you fine folk here of Darktow. It only has to deal with Avantika. She's disrupted our shores enough. We decided to investigate. ""Where does your allegiance lie?"" My allegiance is completely separate and isolated from any persons here. My allegiance is with the Cobalt Soul.",Insight
Insight,"for some time, and I was sent to do that. So, unfortunately, our business has nothing to do with you fine folk here of Darktow. It only has to deal with Avantika. She's disrupted our shores enough. We decided to investigate. ""Where does your allegiance lie?"" My allegiance is completely separate and isolated from any persons here. My allegiance is with the Cobalt Soul. His eyes narrow. Make a deception check. I'll say with advantage because you did drop the Cobalt Soul. In particular with the Plank King, that has meaning. I would like to read her as well.",Insight
Persuasion,"""asunder in the middle of the ocean. That was the last he was seen. He's already killed one of our ""own. Is this untrue?"" (stuttering) Is she talking to me? Yeah. From the crowd, I'm going to go: She's lying! We always knew she had it in for the Plank King! Someone goes, ""Shh!"" All eyes are on you. Plank King, if I may. My ears, though pointy, can only stand a certain amount of dishonesty. I would prefer to cut through the bull. There are those of us among us who can make sure that the truth is spoken here. I would beg of you to allow that to happen now.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"Mine, I'm assuming, which is 14. Hang on. Features and traits. Yeah, whatever your DC is for all of your monk stuff. (whispering) Monk stuff! Yeah, 14. Okay. It's a wisdom save. No. That's a natural eight plus four. 12. So all these different hits and pressure points are hit, like under the chin, that area. Another to the sternum and another that clocks the temple. And Avantika just, ""Ugh!"" (heavy breathing) They are unable to speak a deliberate lie for one minute and all charisma checks have advantage.",Intimidation
Investigation,"We'll make do. We will leave with great haste. ""Good. Tell the Archives that the Plank King sends his regards."" Will do, good sir. ""Now fucking go!"" Before everybody gets on the boat, can I run over to the docks because I'm not shackled, and I try to find the jewels that I dumped off the docks. Okay. You have to dive into the water to do so. Okay. So, you jump into the water. Make an",Investigation
Perception,"We'll make do. We will leave with great haste. ""Good. Tell the Archives that the Plank King sends his regards."" Will do, good sir. ""Now fucking go!"" Before everybody gets on the boat, can I run over to the docks because I'm not shackled, and I try to find the jewels that I dumped off the docks. Okay. You have to dive into the water to do so. Okay. So, you jump into the water. Make an",Investigation
Persuasion,"quarters and turn it upside down. Ooh, you are turning me on right now. Not my intention, but go ahead. Yes! Okay. Just in case she booby trapped this ship, search the hull, search her quarters, search everything. Yeah, check for traps first, okay? I'll be doing that at disadvantage. I'm going to try and calm the crew a little bit. Okay. I'll point out that we're-- this is all good. We got away from the pirates, everything's all right.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Ooh, you are turning me on right now. Not my intention, but go ahead. Yes! Okay. Just in case she booby trapped this ship, search the hull, search her quarters, search everything. Yeah, check for traps first, okay? I'll be doing that at disadvantage. I'm going to try and calm the crew a little bit. Okay. I'll point out that we're-- this is all good. We got away from the pirates, everything's all right. Make a general persuasion check for me. Just",Persuasion
Investigation,"On the first day we were on this boat, me and Beau and others were going to go into Avantika's cabin and snoop around. Oh right. I rolled an 18 and a 19 ten minutes ago. I don't know if I rolled. I don't think I did. I didn't roll yet either, but I was going to crawl in through the hole in her floor if it's still there. Oh, it's still there. To avoid any traps, and then look around the door from the inside to see if she had trapped it or anything.",Investigation
Investigation,"minutes ago. I don't know if I rolled. I don't think I did. I didn't roll yet either, but I was going to crawl in through the hole in her floor if it's still there. Oh, it's still there. To avoid any traps, and then look around the door from the inside to see if she had trapped it or anything. Okay. Make an investigation check on that. 20. 19. No, it is not trapped. I'll open it and let you guys in.",Investigation
Perception,"Yeah. (sighs) Well, we had one or two days together. Just throw him off. (splashing) Frumpkin makes his way in the darkness. I'm also going to put Bless on the octopus before it. Okay. How long does it last? It's one minute. So I'll watch for the first thousand feet, but I assume he goes beyond that, because it's the ocean, so he keeps going down and down and down. I will tell him to look for this wreck, for what we are looking for, and when he finds it to come back and tell me about it.",Perception
Investigation,"Not with a-- I put my goggles on by the way-- You're good. I'm blind and are you blind? He still has the light. You can still see  Caduceus and Yasha still have the light on their weapons. My weapon glows but I did snuff it down. I was waiting until we knew that we were okay. I move my light over to him. The whale continues on, slowly moving, not really acknowledging your presence. You can see two other smaller whales alongside it. Aww, baby calves. Hey. Technically they can understand me.",Perception
Intimidation,"for your own home games. I ask all you dungeon masters out there, if one of your players brings 00:06:24.960 --> 00:06:29.698 one of these to the table, to the best of your ability, please allow the one use the card allows 00:06:29.698 --> 00:06:33.887 because, if not, you hate charitable things, and you're a terrible person. They paid good money to 00:06:33.887 --> 00:06:40.204 help good people to use these cards. If your DM won't let you, you let me know. 00:06:40.204 --> 00:06:42.944 Whoa. 00:06:42.944 --> 00:06:45.157",Intimidation
Persuasion,"Not high enough for me. I'm not an intimidating sort. 00:06:54.836 --> 00:06:57.730 You lead with your heart. 00:06:57.730 --> 00:07:04.434 Yeah. Persuasion I can do. For an example, we have the Grog card, where a player of any 00:07:04.434 --> 00:07:10.846 character can rage once during a combat, regardless of their class, as you want to. 00:07:10.846 --> 00:07:12.324 (as Grog) Yeah, you've got a rage. 00:07:12.394 --> 00:07:16.286 Or we have the Vex card, allows you a",Persuasion
Perception,00:22:30.825 --> 00:22:34.268 That was two weeks of tension being released. 00:22:34.268 --> 00:22:38.180 Orgasms all under the table right now! 00:22:38.526 --> 00:22:46.988 Holy shit! You watch as the ocean begins to swell upwards. Avantika raises her arm-- but you 00:22:46.988 --> 00:22:51.337 said the walls are opaque. Can you see through the walls? 00:22:51.337 --> 00:22:54.190 Can I hear her go (arcane chanting)? 00:22:54.190 --> 00:22:55.615,Perception
Acrobatics,"00:48:22.262 --> 00:48:24.588 Can I say anything? 00:48:24.588 --> 00:48:26.699 I'd say this happens at the very end of your turn. You're running, running, running, all of a 00:48:26.699 --> 00:48:30.604 sudden you stop right as they (clanking) right there in front of you. We'll pick that up next turn. 00:48:30.604 --> 00:48:32.061 Okay. 00:48:32.061 --> 00:48:48.797 That brings us to Avantika's go. All right. Oh, man. Okay. Avantika is going to leap down off 00:48:48.797 --> 00:48:51.110",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"That brings us to Avantika's go. All right. Oh, man. Okay. Avantika is going to leap down off 00:48:48.797 --> 00:48:51.110 the side of the ship. Acrobatics check. 00:48:51.110 --> 00:48:53.659 And slip on the ice. 00:48:53.659 --> 00:48:57.326 No, it's just difficult terrain. 00:48:57.358 --> 00:48:59.096 Just kidding. Wishful thinking! 00:48:59.096 --> 00:49:02.349 I will say, it would increase the DC for her landing, I'll give you that. But she did roll an 00:49:02.349 --> 00:49:03.555",Acrobatics
Deception,"Anywhere where I can duck and cast Disguise Self really fast? 00:51:16.943 --> 00:51:25.102 Yes, but you'd have to move up. You probably wouldn't be able to get to an alley to do it this 00:51:25.102 --> 00:51:30.441 turn. There are people around. There are folks that are watching all this chaos happen off in the distance. 00:51:30.441 --> 00:51:36.860 Okay, then I'm going to shout: Avantika is attacking people on the island! She's trying to 00:51:36.860 --> 00:51:41.329 upstage the Plank King! Everybody go see now! 00:51:41.329 --> 00:51:44.050",Deception
Perception,"00:51:25.102 --> 00:51:30.441 turn. There are people around. There are folks that are watching all this chaos happen off in the distance. 00:51:30.441 --> 00:51:36.860 Okay, then I'm going to shout: Avantika is attacking people on the island! She's trying to 00:51:36.860 --> 00:51:41.329 upstage the Plank King! Everybody go see now! 00:51:41.329 --> 00:51:44.050 Okay, make a deception check. 00:51:44.050 --> 00:51:49.121 Can the guards that I'm near hear her? 00:51:49.121 --> 00:51:56.794 You're a little ways up. I'll roll a",Deception
Persuasion,"00:59:43.652 --> 00:59:46.554 Correct. You went 30 feet forward and you still have your movement. 00:59:46.554 --> 00:59:51.750 I'll use the rest of my-- yeah I knew that, I'm planning for that, yeah. I'll use the 00:59:51.750 --> 00:59:55.393 rest of my 30 feet to run towards that unconscious wizard. 00:59:55.393 --> 01:00:00.214 Okay, so you go heading towards Caleb. After shouting, ""Avantika's not to be trusted"" after 01:00:00.214 --> 01:00:11.793 summoning a fucking demon, I'm going to ask you to",Perception
Athletics,"01:07:38.496 --> 01:07:41.397 Oh. 01:07:41.397 --> 01:07:46.633 Yeah, which sucks for us, and now they can get to us faster. 01:07:46.633 --> 01:07:51.964 The sleet and stuff has now melted and dripped off the sides. These guards here-- 01:07:51.964 --> 01:07:55.402 (guard impression) ""What's all this, then?"" 01:07:55.402 --> 01:08:06.306 (counting) 30 on each side, and they're both going to attempt to grapple Yasha. Go ahead and 01:08:06.306 --> 01:08:10.234",Athletics
Acrobatics,"01:08:30.291 --> 01:08:43.773 other guards here begin to swarm up to try and grab Nott. This one's going to move up and try and 01:08:43.773 --> 01:08:50.176 grab Yasha. This one here is going to-- He tries to move forward towards Yasha, and ends up 01:08:50.176 --> 01:08:56.522 chest-bumping space in the middle of the air, and confusedly is going to try and grapple whatever's 01:08:56.522 --> 01:09:02.888 there. He has disadvantage on that, so first, I'm going to do that with you. Rolled really well with 01:09:02.888 --> 01:09:06.924 disadvantage, natural 19 and a natural 17. Make an",Acrobatics
Athletics,"01:08:30.291 --> 01:08:43.773 other guards here begin to swarm up to try and grab Nott. This one's going to move up and try and 01:08:43.773 --> 01:08:50.176 grab Yasha. This one here is going to-- He tries to move forward towards Yasha, and ends up 01:08:50.176 --> 01:08:56.522 chest-bumping space in the middle of the air, and confusedly is going to try and grapple whatever's 01:08:56.522 --> 01:09:02.888 there. He has disadvantage on that, so first, I'm going to do that with you. Rolled really well with 01:09:02.888 --> 01:09:06.924 disadvantage, natural 19 and a natural 17. Make an",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Three? 01:10:05.485 --> 01:10:06.084 Yes. 01:10:06.084 --> 01:10:08.474 You're tiny. You're dexy. 01:10:08.474 --> 01:10:10.124 Sure, sure. Here we go. 01:10:10.124 --> 01:10:11.195 Slippy. 01:10:11.195 --> 01:10:13.185 All right, so first guy-- 01:10:13.185 --> 01:10:15.052 Do they roll? Do I roll? 01:10:15.052 --> 01:10:17.387",Acrobatics
Persuasion,"shoulder to shoulder, and there's one of them that 01:14:37.198 --> 01:14:44.198 looks-- the one in the center is a little better-armored. They go, ""Hey, Miss, Miss, where 01:14:44.198 --> 01:14:47.552 ""are you going?"" They're looking at you and both looking at what's over there. 01:14:47.552 --> 01:14:53.052 I have requested evidence for the Plank King. He wants to see me directly. It's Avantika. 01:14:53.052 --> 01:14:57.933 There's a coup. She's trying to take over the city with a demon god. 01:14:57.933 --> 01:15:02.086",Persuasion
Deception,To look like a pirate. 01:22:09.438 --> 01:22:10.278 Okay. 01:22:10.278 --> 01:22:13.171 Yeah. I'm going to-- 01:22:13.171 --> 01:22:15.237 Like a pirate. 01:22:15.237 --> 01:22:23.361 I'm going to walk out and start shouting at guards nearby. Avantika's attacking everyone! I 01:22:23.361 --> 01:22:30.779 heard 'em say it! Avantika's-- She's finally doing it! She's trying to take over! She's finally doing it! 01:22:30.779 --> 01:22:32.958,Deception
Athletics,"01:23:45.281 --> 01:23:47.697 (nonsensical rabble rousing) 01:23:47.697 --> 01:23:51.332 That finishes Jester's turn. It's Yasha's go. Yasha is currently grappled, but you can still 01:23:51.332 --> 01:23:55.502 make her actions. She has to use an action to break free if she wants to to move, but otherwise 01:23:55.502 --> 01:23:58.877 her movement is zero. But she has advantage because she's still raging. 01:23:58.877 --> 01:24:01.313 She's going to try to break the grapple. 01:24:01.313 --> 01:24:03.921",Athletics
Acrobatics,"As you do, you rush past some of the guards that are on the opposite side that were rushing 01:27:47.279 --> 01:27:52.720 towards you. There's, I believe at this point, four of them that were heading your direction, 01:27:52.720 --> 01:27:55.768 because there was the one that was going towards Caleb. So we'll say two of them you'll have to 01:27:55.768 --> 01:27:59.474 push past. They both are going to make attacks of opportunity on you. Just an attempt to grapple to stop. 01:27:59.474 --> 01:28:01.426 Okay. 01:28:01.426 --> 01:28:05.478",Athletics
Athletics,"As you do, you rush past some of the guards that are on the opposite side that were rushing 01:27:47.279 --> 01:27:52.720 towards you. There's, I believe at this point, four of them that were heading your direction, 01:27:52.720 --> 01:27:55.768 because there was the one that was going towards Caleb. So we'll say two of them you'll have to 01:27:55.768 --> 01:27:59.474 push past. They both are going to make attacks of opportunity on you. Just an attempt to grapple to stop. 01:27:59.474 --> 01:28:01.426 Okay. 01:28:01.426 --> 01:28:05.478",Athletics
Acrobatics,"01:41:23.878 --> 01:41:25.163 I'm never going back! 01:41:25.163 --> 01:41:27.022 Because when it gets to Nott's turn-- 01:41:27.022 --> 01:41:29.117 Yeah, I'm going to bolt. 01:41:29.117 --> 01:41:36.149 Okay. If that's the case, there are four guards now. No, because now two of them have 01:41:36.149 --> 01:41:39.514 changed direction to go towards you and help subdue you guys. There's two after you now. 01:41:39.514 --> 01:41:43.271 They're both going to attempt to grapple you and",Athletics
Performance,"(laughter) 02:05:35.223 --> 02:05:39.680 There is a small perimeter being held, but you could get probably within 20, 25 feet or so of them. 02:05:39.680 --> 02:05:44.260 Then, if I'm within 30 feet, I'm going to cast Prayer of Healing on my buds. 02:05:44.260 --> 02:05:45.488 Okay. 02:05:45.488 --> 02:05:47.970 What? On your buds? 02:05:47.970 --> 02:05:49.196 On my buddies! 02:05:49.196 --> 02:05:56.217",Deception
Deception,"you could get probably within 20, 25 feet or so of them. 02:05:39.680 --> 02:05:44.260 Then, if I'm within 30 feet, I'm going to cast Prayer of Healing on my buds. 02:05:44.260 --> 02:05:45.488 Okay. 02:05:45.488 --> 02:05:47.970 What? On your buds? 02:05:47.970 --> 02:05:49.196 On my buddies! 02:05:49.196 --> 02:05:56.217 Make a performance check to see how subtly you can-- no, this would be deception. Make a deception. 02:05:56.217 --> 02:05:57.884",Deception
Deception,"""got here, and I'll weigh it versus how positive this tells me. There's not enough, well, maybe you 02:10:38.935 --> 02:10:42.931 ""and Avantika will find yourselves out there on a pike of warning."" 02:10:42.931 --> 02:10:46.797 How about we strike a deal right now? Because when you go down there, you're going to 02:10:46.797 --> 02:10:52.588 see murdered crew mates and a U burned into the deck of that ship from where she was trying to 02:10:52.588 --> 02:10:56.195 summon Uk'otoa. 02:10:56.613 --> 02:10:59.315",Deception
Deception,"02:21:10.999 --> 02:21:18.465 unfortunately, our business has nothing to do with you fine folk here of Darktow. It only has to deal 02:21:18.465 --> 02:21:26.499 with Avantika. She's disrupted our shores enough. We decided to investigate. 02:21:26.499 --> 02:21:29.678 ""Where does your allegiance lie?"" 02:21:29.678 --> 02:21:38.921 My allegiance is completely separate and isolated from any persons here. My allegiance is 02:21:38.921 --> 02:21:42.437 with the Cobalt Soul. 02:21:42.437 --> 02:21:50.433",Deception
Insight,"02:21:29.678 --> 02:21:38.921 My allegiance is completely separate and isolated from any persons here. My allegiance is 02:21:38.921 --> 02:21:42.437 with the Cobalt Soul. 02:21:42.437 --> 02:21:50.433 His eyes narrow. Make a deception check. I'll say with advantage because you did drop the 02:21:50.433 --> 02:21:56.973 Cobalt Soul. In particular with the Plank King, that has meaning. 02:21:56.973 --> 02:21:59.039 I would like to read her as well. 02:21:59.039 --> 02:22:01.193",Insight
Persuasion,"From the crowd, I'm going to go: She's lying! We always knew she had it in for the Plank King! 02:25:20.697 --> 02:25:24.961 Someone goes, ""Shh!"" All eyes are on you. 02:25:24.961 --> 02:25:30.006 Plank King, if I may. My ears, though pointy, can only stand a certain amount of 02:25:30.006 --> 02:25:36.492 dishonesty. I would prefer to cut through the bull. There are those of us among us who can make 02:25:36.492 --> 02:25:44.830 sure that the truth is spoken here. I would beg of you to allow that to happen now. 02:25:44.830 --> 02:25:47.475",Persuasion
Intimidation,"Yeah, 14. 02:27:30.659 --> 02:27:45.576 Okay. It's a wisdom save. No. That's a natural eight plus four. 12. So all these 02:27:45.576 --> 02:27:50.177 different hits and pressure points are hit, like under the chin, that area. Another to the sternum 02:27:50.177 --> 02:27:55.639 and another that clocks the temple. And Avantika just, ""Ugh!"" (heavy breathing) 02:27:55.639 --> 02:28:02.326 They are unable to speak a deliberate lie for one minute and all charisma checks have advantage. 02:28:02.326 --> 02:28:05.855",Intimidation
Investigation,"""Now fucking go!"" 02:32:56.426 --> 02:33:00.218 Before everybody gets on the boat, can I run over to the docks because I'm not shackled, 02:33:00.218 --> 02:33:04.674 and I try to find the jewels that I dumped off the docks. 02:33:04.674 --> 02:33:06.677 Okay. You have to dive into the water to do so. 02:33:06.677 --> 02:33:07.871 Okay. 02:33:07.871 --> 02:33:13.657 So, you jump into the water. Make an",Investigation
Perception,"""Now fucking go!"" 02:32:56.426 --> 02:33:00.218 Before everybody gets on the boat, can I run over to the docks because I'm not shackled, 02:33:00.218 --> 02:33:04.674 and I try to find the jewels that I dumped off the docks. 02:33:04.674 --> 02:33:06.677 Okay. You have to dive into the water to do so. 02:33:06.677 --> 02:33:07.871 Okay. 02:33:07.871 --> 02:33:13.657 So, you jump into the water. Make an",Investigation
Persuasion,"search the hull, search her quarters, search everything. 02:37:15.041 --> 02:37:17.306 Yeah, check for traps first, okay? 02:37:17.306 --> 02:37:18.904 I'll be doing that at disadvantage. 02:37:18.904 --> 02:37:20.179 I'm going to try and calm the crew a little bit. 02:37:20.179 --> 02:37:20.819 Okay. 02:37:20.819 --> 02:37:27.299 I'll point out that we're-- this is all good. We got away from the pirates, everything's all right. 02:37:27.299 --> 02:37:33.088",Persuasion
Persuasion,"02:37:15.041 --> 02:37:17.306 Yeah, check for traps first, okay? 02:37:17.306 --> 02:37:18.904 I'll be doing that at disadvantage. 02:37:18.904 --> 02:37:20.179 I'm going to try and calm the crew a little bit. 02:37:20.179 --> 02:37:20.819 Okay. 02:37:20.819 --> 02:37:27.299 I'll point out that we're-- this is all good. We got away from the pirates, everything's all right. 02:37:27.299 --> 02:37:33.088 Make a general persuasion check for me. Just",Persuasion
Investigation,"did. 02:49:15.171 --> 02:49:19.535 I didn't roll yet either, but I was going to crawl in through the hole in her floor if it's 02:49:19.535 --> 02:49:20.735 still there. 02:49:20.735 --> 02:49:21.767 Oh, it's still there. 02:49:21.767 --> 02:49:27.763 To avoid any traps, and then look around the door from the inside to see if she had trapped it 02:49:27.763 --> 02:49:29.266 or anything. 02:49:29.266 --> 02:49:32.078",Investigation
Investigation,"02:49:21.767 --> 02:49:27.763 To avoid any traps, and then look around the door from the inside to see if she had trapped it 02:49:27.763 --> 02:49:29.266 or anything. 02:49:29.266 --> 02:49:32.078 Okay. Make an investigation check on that. 02:49:33.239 --> 02:49:35.472 20. 19. 02:49:35.472 --> 02:49:36.679 No, it is not trapped. 02:49:36.679 --> 02:49:38.612 I'll open it and let you guys in. 02:49:38.612 --> 02:49:48.290",Investigation
Perception,"03:16:56.839 --> 03:16:58.782 Okay. How long does it last? 03:16:58.782 --> 03:17:03.711 It's one minute. 03:17:03.711 --> 03:17:10.864 So I'll watch for the first thousand feet, but I assume he goes beyond that, because it's the 03:17:10.864 --> 03:17:18.525 ocean, so he keeps going down and down and down. I will tell him to look for this wreck, for what we 03:17:18.525 --> 03:17:21.874 are looking for, and when he finds it to come back and tell me about it. 03:17:21.874 --> 03:17:24.324",Investigation
Investigation,"I was waiting until we knew that we were okay. I 03:35:58.793 --> 03:36:00.746 move my light over to him. 03:36:00.746 --> 03:36:04.378 The whale continues on, slowly moving, not really acknowledging your presence. You can see 03:36:04.378 --> 03:36:06.828 two other smaller whales alongside it. 03:36:06.828 --> 03:36:08.731 Aww, baby calves. 03:36:08.731 --> 03:36:16.302 Hey. Technically they can understand me. 03:36:16.302 --> 03:36:23.480",Investigation
Perception,"Dreadnought."" Yeah, I know. Loading the gun against you guys for the game tonight. It'd be pretty funny. Does that mean that Logic was the whale that just passed us by? There you go. Oh my god! We still have Pass Without a Trace up. I just cast it because of that whale. Oh, that's right. Hey, Caduceus. Yeah. You feeling any creepy, spooky, dead people, or crawlies?",Perception
Perception,"Hey, Caduceus. Yeah. You feeling any creepy, spooky, dead people, or crawlies? Make a perception check. Oh, right. That's actually a good idea. I'm also going to-- With disadvantage because there's no light here, and it's a very short range, I'd say. Because you guys extinguished all your lights when the-- That's a natural one. Ooh, starting out right. Woo!",Perception
Perception,"You know, the ship that started your whole backstory? It's the Tide's Breadth. The Tide's Breadth. (laughter) Your origin story? Yeah, the sheet of paper you turned in nine months ago. I don't think I named it in my backstory! The Tide's Breadth, yes. I am going to summon Frumpkin to my shoulder and look through Frumpkin's eyes because Frumpkin, as an octopus, has darkvision. So I will see that way.",Perception
Perception,"out, probably during or shortly after the explosion, but before it sank fully. The edges of the cargo hold that are blown open-- as soon as you begin to peer in the inside, you can see the interior is blackened as well, amongst the other patches of sea life that have begun to reclaim it as a home, and bits of seaweed, and general sea vegetation that has begun to find its way inside the empty ship. Ooh. As an idea, sword in my hand, as we start to push in through that hole of the explosion, or peer in, can I lead with the sword and see if the light and/or eye is reacting in any sort of way? Or is it just static?",Perception
Perception,"Nein. As you begin to swim into the darkened interior, holding the sword in front of you, it doesn't seem to react, adjust, or give you any sense that it is able to guide you in any particular direction. In the sea, certain creatures like to make homes of vessels. You want to send in your--? Ja, that's no problem. I give a little tug to the leather tied at my knee and cast Mage Armor. I send Frumpkin in, and reach for Nott, and hold Nott by the shoulder. Look through Frumpkin's eyes and send him in to look. Okay. Frumpkin's octopus form makes his way into the cargo hold of the Tide's Breadth",Perception
Perception,"the familiar quarters of Vandren, though they look tossed. Really? As you look inside, there's the table where he normally sat and read his books. That table is set over  the shelf is pushed over. Looks like most everything in here has been, in some way, shape, or form, tossed. You remember there being all sorts of decorations that he kept in here, metal candle holders. It's all missing. It's all missing. Is there anything that I-- At first glance. Is there anything that I see that is definitely out of place or changed that I remember?",Investigation
Investigation,"somebody was definitely fucking looking for something. Do you know if he kept anything in a secret place? Do I? I don't think I do. Because maybe he took it all with him. Maybe he left. Could be. Yeah. I'll go get Caduceus and Caleb. Beau is really good at finding things, I think. I'll go get everybody. I'll keep looking around the room while he-- Okay, you're doing a thorough investigation",Investigation
Investigation,"from your current location. All right. Yes. Fine. Take five minutes, six minutes, and-- No! While they're debating I spit out four globules of light and start casing the room. Okay. You have two minutes! I'm going to let the flora and fauna in here know that we're looking for some stuff. One of our people used to live here. We'll be gone, and everything's going to be fine. I'll do a quick glance for anything that looks like it could have loose boards, secret compartments.",Investigation
Nature,"here know that we're looking for some stuff. One of our people used to live here. We'll be gone, and everything's going to be fine. I'll do a quick glance for anything that looks like it could have loose boards, secret compartments. Make an investigation check. While they're looking, I want to point out to everyone that whatever it was that took this ball has claws, and it looks like it could break this thing open. It looks like it might do some damage to us. Is it dented at all, or just scratched? How big a creature does it look like was taking a--?",Nature
History,"I think it's safe to assume that that was done after the ship sunk. A hole this size wouldn't keep a vessel in the water very long. No. Do we know anything about underwater creatures that would be interested in, I don't know-- Glowing eyes? Yeah. Jewels? Pretties? Underwater goblins? I mean, there are a number of creatures of folklore and things that are greedy no matter where they live. Locate Ariel. Yeah, mermaids? I don't know.",History
Perception,"dreams, Fjord. True. Very true. 18. I mean, there was one other time that you encountered creatures that seemed to be gathering and hoarding things that were shiny and happened to be affiliated with underwater existence. Yeah, right. I'm sorry, I can't wait any longer. Do you mind if we go? This is all too strange. Be on guard. Where are you exiting? Fuck it, we'll go back up above deck, and we'll jump off the stern in the direction that Jester--",Perception
Perception,"No, ein bisschen. You can't hear anything. While we're walking, it's going to be about a ten-minute walk? Is it insane to--? You don't know. Yeah, as we're walking, I'm going to start Prayer of Healing, I guess. I know it takes about ten minutes, but it's a one-spell heal-all. Okay, if you want to. If that's okay. Everybody gets, oh! 17 points back. Whoa! We'll consider that as you guys are traveling. You're helming this journey from that",Perception
Perception,"No, another ship, sunken, here. You continue on for another 100 or 150 or so feet, and you see the shape off to the right of another shipwreck. (whispering) It's a graveyard. We're definitely in that shit now. The song? Y'all remember the song? The Diver's Grave! Maybe we should go up for supplies. The spell fades, but you still know the general direction of where it was coming from. Up to you if you want to cast it again or continue on based on the memory. Let's continue. Do I see any sources of light?",Perception
Stealth,"Let's continue. Do I see any sources of light? Make a perception check. Can we move stealthily underwater? You can certainly try. You're moving half-speed because of the water, and you're moving at half speed beyond that, moving stealthily. So it's a very slow journey, but you can do it. 11. Okay. Are you guys moving stealthily or not? Yes. It'll be a slow journey, but we can try to move.",Stealth
Stealth,"Do I see any sources of light? Make a perception check. Can we move stealthily underwater? You can certainly try. You're moving half-speed because of the water, and you're moving at half speed beyond that, moving stealthily. So it's a very slow journey, but you can do it. 11. Okay. Are you guys moving stealthily or not? Yes. It'll be a slow journey, but we can try to move. Everyone make a stealth check, and make a",Stealth
Perception,"Are you guys staying put or are you continuing to move forward slowly? Ooh, let's take a looky-loo for the moment. You all sit tight for a second, halting your position. You watch as the octopus makes its way into the shadow ahead. Caleb, you're focusing, and it takes a while, but Frumpkin eventually, following this tiny, shifting bead of golden light into view. You begin to see towards the center of where this large valley is. There is a large cluster of long dead, pale-white coral that surrounds a rocky stone shelf. Too real. Fucking awesome.",Perception
Perception,"begin to shift your way forward, using it as a screen. The shifting tendrils slowly shimmy along in the direction of this coral cluster. Can we ribbon dance a little bit as we go? There you go. Just you two, right? Is this the group? No, all of us are doing it. Whoever wants to be stealthy and be a brilliant person, I guess. I just wrap some seaweed around Caleb. Okay. Who's at the front of this journey? Maintaining a similar position? I will be.",Perception
Perception,"As you move up to the edge of the shelf, and you glance over the edge, you see the shadow entrance of the cavern before you. Once again that shimmer finds its way across a dozen or more coins that are visible, partially embedded in the muck and sand there at the foot of this cavern entrance. Should I try to send my duplicate down? One question. This is definitely coral that we are sitting on top of, right? It's bits of coral. When you step out towards that shelf, the coral recedes and now it's a protruding large slab of stone. It is a protruding large slab of stone and not a big-ass mouth or anything like that, right?",Investigation
Perception,"30 seconds pass of Jester doing the song and dance down there. No reaction. Shit. It might need actual vibrations or-- No, there's nothing down there. I'll jump down there and join Jester. Okay. Fjord dives off the side and swims down towards the entrance to this cavern. As you approach you can see the coins plainly in front of you. Do you land at the entrance? Mm-hmm. Okay. Your feet find soft footfall on the sediment that has gathered there, knocking up a little bit of it for a minute before it all eventually settles once more. Looking inside, make",Perception
Investigation,"As you step in the inside, it descends a bit, like makeshift natural paths, like stairs or grades that curve around and drop into the central chamber where you see it goes in two different directions, to the right and left. In the middle, there's a large cluster of this purplish-maroon seaweed. The outside of the leaves have a teal-ish blue color. It wraps up against the walls as well. As you swim through and move, the still water shifts with your movement  you can see some of it sway and move with your movement. Oh fucking Jesus, our stealth is going to be balls here. What does the floor look like? Sand, silt, coins?",Investigation
Perception,"No, let's just do it. Let's do it. Fuck it, right? We're all going to die down here anyway, it doesn't matter. Don't you think there might be something in the middle of all the kelp though? There might be, but we'll keep an eye on it as we move around to the right  I just have a very strong feeling about going to the right. It's based off of, really, gut-- I'm right handed, so we're going to go to the right. Let's do it. All right. Do we see bubbles in the water at all?",Perception
Perception,"You are not poisoned. You just took poison damage. You manage to pull it away and catch up with the rest of the crew. You guys are heading towards the right chamber, which begins to rise up a bit before leveling off about 15 feet above and about 20 feet ahead of you. The walls are still covered in this seaweed in chunks. About every five or so feet, you see another cluster, and they're a bit scattered around the interior. A large portion of this whole chamber network seems to be housing this same type of plant. We're going to move fast, and I'm going to keep Eldritch Blast charged, and if anything starts to reach closer than other areas of it.",Perception
Perception,"Resistance on you. Well I'm just going to give you-- if anything happens in the next minute you can add a d4 to any saving throw. Okay. Following the tunnel down for another 15 to 20 or so feet it curves around to the left. Do you continue and curve around the edge? Mm-hmm. You come around the corner and look. You guys are at the front. I need Jester and Fjord to make-- since you have the globes, you can move the globes ahead if you want to. I'll say that they're 20 feet ahead of us and 20 feet behind. So you do not have disadvantage on your",Stealth
Perception,"Okay. Following the tunnel down for another 15 to 20 or so feet it curves around to the left. Do you continue and curve around the edge? Mm-hmm. You come around the corner and look. You guys are at the front. I need Jester and Fjord to make-- since you have the globes, you can move the globes ahead if you want to. I'll say that they're 20 feet ahead of us and 20 feet behind. So you do not have disadvantage on your perception checks. 23. Six.",Stealth
Perception,"Yasha. She gets advantage because she can see it, because of her Danger Sense. Okay, that's right. Natural 20. Oh, for Yasha. She just-- actually no, she shoulder checks the seaweed and does not give a shit. It works for Yasha. (as Yasha) No problem. You guys all begin to push forward. This chamber is larger than what you came in through. It's about 50 to 60-foot diameter, continues in for about 80 or so feet, and the height goes to about 30 to 35 feet. All the walls here are",Perception
Arcana,"just past the edge, you do not detect anything particularly magical. Then as you take your first step into the chamber, you see this. You almost run into it. In the middle of this chamber, there is a small two-foot pedestal and a disc, a stone disc about that wide and about two feet from edge to edge that is resting on it but at an angle. It looks old. It looks weathered and there appears to be a spiral of runes, two sets of them, that curve inward around each other before merging in the center with one singular sigil where they meet. Are these arcane glyphs, or is this language? They are arcane glyphs. If you'd like to",Arcana
Perception,"it. Beginning of this round. The only person that's seen this entity is Caduceus. I can't see them anymore? No. They seem to have shifted into this thick forest of seaweed that tends to wrap around all the walls of this chamber. Beau, you're up first. I don't see anything. I look around? You can use your action to try and perceive if you want to. I go: Caduceus! Then I look around and see if I see anything. Okay, so you use the search action. Roll a",Perception
Athletics,"You still don't see her. I don't see her! That's it. All right, that ends your turn. Yasha? Can you hold until you--? He used action, movement, and bonus. Who's up? It is now Yasha. Oh, right, that's me. Fuck. Cad's still grappled. Help. Oh yeah. She'll go through and take some swipes at the kelp, trying to loosen Caduceus. Or would it be better to grab you and fucking pull? If she rages in advance, she can use",Athletics
Investigation,"Oh, that's right, you're-- Yeah, wow. You guys all cleared that check. Nice. Fuck you, ghost. Lair action, no effect. All right. Sorry, Matt. No, don't apologize. (whispering) He hates us. Dashilla's turn. Dashilla's somewhere. Fjord, what do you do? I'm going to turn with the falchion in my hand and search the throne for-- Make a search action? Yeah.",Investigation
Arcana,"falling a bit behind. Actually, no, you can do all three with your bonus action. Well, you both can, just in case you want to spend ki points. Nah, not now. I have a question to you, when you've done that. Yes? Back in the chamber, Detect Magic is still up. Does Caleb see anything with an arcane glow in this room other than what Fjord picked up? Only the aura from the table. So none of the shit around the edges, okay. I guess I will start studying the runes on the walls to see how they contribute to this mystery.",Arcana
Perception,"I am basically holding ready to shoot a bolt at anything that moves, and I was actually hanging a little bit far down just in case one of them drops, I can heal, and somewhere where I'm not going to get attacked by kelp and I'm keeping very aware. Okay. Well, you were staying over in this chamber with them. Nott and Beau, you are in the central chamber now. Do you want to search for the possible whereabouts of Dashilla? I want to look around and then I want to head towards that alcove back there. I'm following to make sure she's okay. I technically haven't heard shit.",Stealth
Perception,"Wrapping up in here. As you come around the corner, you see an old, decomposing pile of merrow corpses similar to the ones that were tied up inside, but these all have these wounds of their throats slit from side to side. Oh, sacrifice style. They're all in various states of decomposition, the freshest one maybe months ago, and the sea has caused its own unique form of bloating and sloughing off of the various parts of the skeleton. Gross. Is she in here? Do we see any movement?",Investigation
Perception,"I will fire at this ghost. Go for it. Not great, 12-- no, 14. 14 hits, roll damage. It is adjacent to Beau so you get sneak attack on the ghost. That's really good. Jesus. 29. It dissipates. You watch as its glow vanishes. This horrible low, dull, vibrating sigh slowly goes away and it's no more and he's immaterial. You punched that ghost really well. I'm staying right at them and I'm looking for any movement while all this is happening.",Perception
Perception,"14 hits, roll damage. It is adjacent to Beau so you get sneak attack on the ghost. That's really good. Jesus. 29. It dissipates. You watch as its glow vanishes. This horrible low, dull, vibrating sigh slowly goes away and it's no more and he's immaterial. You punched that ghost really well. I'm staying right at them and I'm looking for any movement while all this is happening. Make a perception check. Can we go deeper into that chamber? Searching for movement?",Perception
Perception,"(background music) I'm always curious. Can I count on you to return the favor? Always. (slicing) (slamming) Okay. You suffer three points of damage. As you place your hand down on it, you see this dull red glow around the hand that's placed on the table. As you begin to pull your hand up and look, the runes where the blood has splattered have begun to give a faint glow. Mm-hmm. Has anything changed with the ones on the walls?",Perception
Investigation,"quest. I have things that I need to do that are not here, and I am going to need help. I understand. I think we're good. We can go. Damn it. Okay. We understand each other. Cut palm to cut palm. (whispering) Blood brothers, so cool. I'll start to head out of the chamber. I follow Fjord out. Nott and I meet the rest of them. I'm going to try to get as much platinum and stuff as I can before I walk out.",Investigation
Perception,"""think we better should."" I didn't like it either, Yasha. Her brow tenses and she follows you out. As you all converge towards the central chamber once more-- The guards are floating, following us. As you're walking, some of the seaweed reaches out and the unicorns (fizzle). It lasts for ten minutes, right? As you approach they eventually flitter out. You all gather there at the entrance. Are we out of the cavern now? Are you all backing out of the cavern? Looking out for this hag as we go, yeah. Okay. For those who haven't rolled",Perception
Perception,"Oh my god! 00:18:19.506 --> 00:18:23.190 We still have Pass Without a Trace up. I just cast it because of that whale. 00:18:23.190 --> 00:18:24.097 Oh, that's right. 00:18:24.097 --> 00:18:24.972 Hey, Caduceus. 00:18:24.972 --> 00:18:25.608 Yeah. 00:18:25.608 --> 00:18:30.988 You feeling any creepy, spooky, dead people, or crawlies? 00:18:30.988 --> 00:18:32.062",Perception
Perception,"00:18:33.546 --> 00:18:36.925 That's actually a good idea. I'm also going to-- 00:18:36.925 --> 00:18:41.567 With disadvantage because there's no light here, and it's a very short range, I'd say. 00:18:41.567 --> 00:18:44.082 Because you guys extinguished all your lights when the-- 00:18:44.082 --> 00:18:45.267 That's a natural one. 00:18:45.267 --> 00:18:46.876 Ooh, starting out right. Woo! 00:18:46.876 --> 00:18:48.209",Perception
Perception,"Your origin story? 00:20:19.561 --> 00:20:22.164 Yeah, the sheet of paper you turned in nine months ago. 00:20:22.164 --> 00:20:28.665 I don't think I named it in my backstory! The Tide's Breadth, yes. 00:20:28.665 --> 00:20:34.979 I am going to summon Frumpkin to my shoulder and look through Frumpkin's eyes because Frumpkin, 00:20:34.979 --> 00:20:38.783 as an octopus, has darkvision. So I will see that way. 00:20:38.783 --> 00:20:40.768",Perception
Perception,"00:27:21.304 --> 00:27:30.483 as a home, and bits of seaweed, and general sea vegetation that has begun to find its way inside 00:27:30.483 --> 00:27:31.863 the empty ship. 00:27:31.863 --> 00:27:39.257 Ooh. As an idea, sword in my hand, as we start to push in through that hole of the 00:27:39.257 --> 00:27:45.852 explosion, or peer in, can I lead with the sword and see if the light and/or eye is reacting in any 00:27:45.852 --> 00:27:48.608 sort of way? Or is it just static? 00:27:48.608 --> 00:27:50.935",Perception
Perception,"In the sea, certain creatures like to make homes of vessels. You want to send in your--? 00:28:20.696 --> 00:28:26.878 <i>Ja</i>, that's no problem. I give a little tug to the leather tied at my knee and cast Mage 00:28:26.878 --> 00:28:32.919 Armor. I send Frumpkin in, and reach for Nott, and hold Nott by the shoulder. Look through Frumpkin's 00:28:32.919 --> 00:28:35.694 eyes and send him in to look. 00:28:35.694 --> 00:28:44.286 Okay. Frumpkin's octopus form makes his way into the cargo hold of the Tide's Breadth 00:28:44.286 --> 00:28:49.067",Perception
Perception,"00:34:42.546 --> 00:34:48.615 shape, or form, tossed. You remember there being all sorts of decorations that he kept in here, 00:34:48.615 --> 00:34:56.095 metal candle holders. It's all missing. 00:34:56.095 --> 00:34:58.845 It's all missing. Is there anything that I-- 00:34:58.845 --> 00:35:00.258 At first glance. 00:35:00.258 --> 00:35:05.853 Is there anything that I see that is definitely out of place or changed that I remember? 00:35:05.853 --> 00:35:08.368",Perception
Investigation,"Maybe he left. 00:36:22.704 --> 00:36:34.402 Could be. Yeah. I'll go get Caduceus and Caleb. 00:36:34.402 --> 00:36:36.255 Beau is really good at finding things, I think. 00:36:36.255 --> 00:36:37.726 I'll go get everybody. 00:36:37.726 --> 00:36:40.390 I'll keep looking around the room while he-- 00:36:40.390 --> 00:36:44.277 Okay, you're doing a thorough investigation",Investigation
Investigation,"00:40:41.066 --> 00:40:41.829 Okay. 00:40:41.829 --> 00:40:43.360 You have two minutes! 00:40:43.360 --> 00:40:48.323 I'm going to let the flora and fauna in here know that we're looking for some stuff. One 00:40:48.323 --> 00:40:52.068 of our people used to live here. We'll be gone, and everything's going to be fine. 00:40:52.068 --> 00:41:01.167 I'll do a quick glance for anything that looks like it could have loose boards, secret compartments. 00:41:01.167 --> 00:41:02.495",Perception
Nature,"00:41:02.495 --> 00:41:05.917 While they're looking, I want to point out to everyone that whatever it was that took this 00:41:05.917 --> 00:41:12.195 ball has claws, and it looks like it could break this thing open. It looks like it might do some 00:41:12.195 --> 00:41:13.497 damage to us. 00:41:13.497 --> 00:41:15.410 Is it dented at all, or just scratched? 00:41:15.410 --> 00:41:18.276 How big a creature does it look like was taking a--? 00:41:18.276 --> 00:41:20.359",Nature
History,"00:44:53.950 --> 00:44:55.115 Pretties? 00:44:55.115 --> 00:44:56.501 Underwater goblins? 00:44:56.501 --> 00:45:00.474 I mean, there are a number of creatures of folklore and things that are greedy no matter 00:45:00.474 --> 00:45:02.565 where they live. 00:45:02.565 --> 00:45:04.312 Locate Ariel. 00:45:04.312 --> 00:45:06.585 Yeah, mermaids? I don't know. 00:45:06.585 --> 00:45:07.886",Perception
Perception,"to be affiliated with underwater existence. 00:45:34.856 --> 00:45:36.304 Yeah, right. 00:45:36.304 --> 00:45:43.314 I'm sorry, I can't wait any longer. Do you mind if we go? This is all too strange. 00:45:43.314 --> 00:45:45.281 Be on guard. 00:45:45.281 --> 00:45:48.185 Where are you exiting? 00:45:48.185 --> 00:45:54.974 Fuck it, we'll go back up above deck, and we'll jump off the stern in the direction that Jester-- 00:45:54.974 --> 00:45:57.358",Perception
Perception,"start Prayer of Healing, I guess. I know it takes 01:27:22.876 --> 01:27:26.601 about ten minutes, but it's a one-spell heal-all. 01:27:26.601 --> 01:27:28.292 Okay, if you want to. 01:27:28.292 --> 01:27:38.845 If that's okay. Everybody gets, oh! 17 points back. 01:27:38.845 --> 01:27:39.797 Whoa! 01:27:39.797 --> 01:27:45.176 We'll consider that as you guys are traveling. You're helming this journey from that 01:27:45.176 --> 01:27:47.046",Perception
Perception,"The Diver's Grave! 01:28:41.001 --> 01:28:45.334 Maybe we should go up for supplies. 01:28:45.334 --> 01:28:49.703 The spell fades, but you still know the general direction of where it was coming from. Up 01:28:49.703 --> 01:28:53.232 to you if you want to cast it again or continue on based on the memory. 01:28:53.232 --> 01:28:54.446 Let's continue. 01:28:54.446 --> 01:28:57.828 Do I see any sources of light? 01:28:57.828 --> 01:28:59.309",Perception
Stealth,"01:29:07.062 --> 01:29:13.066 at half speed beyond that, moving stealthily. So it's a very slow journey, but you can do it. 01:29:13.066 --> 01:29:14.392 11. 01:29:14.392 --> 01:29:17.878 Okay. Are you guys moving stealthily or not? 01:29:17.878 --> 01:29:19.104 Yes. 01:29:19.104 --> 01:29:21.780 It'll be a slow journey, but we can try to move. 01:29:21.780 --> 01:29:26.306",Stealth
Stealth,"at half speed beyond that, moving stealthily. So it's a very slow journey, but you can do it. 01:29:13.066 --> 01:29:14.392 11. 01:29:14.392 --> 01:29:17.878 Okay. Are you guys moving stealthily or not? 01:29:17.878 --> 01:29:19.104 Yes. 01:29:19.104 --> 01:29:21.780 It'll be a slow journey, but we can try to move. 01:29:21.780 --> 01:29:26.306 Everyone make a stealth check, and make a",Stealth
Perception,"it takes a while, but Frumpkin eventually, 01:36:50.046 --> 01:37:01.543 following this tiny, shifting bead of golden light into view. You begin to see towards the center of 01:37:01.543 --> 01:37:11.213 where this large valley is. There is a large cluster of long dead, pale-white coral that 01:37:11.213 --> 01:37:14.152 surrounds a rocky stone shelf. 01:37:14.152 --> 01:37:15.820 Too real. 01:37:15.820 --> 01:37:17.942 Fucking awesome. 01:37:17.942 --> 01:37:20.121",Perception
Perception,"Just you two, right? Is this the group? 01:42:25.373 --> 01:42:30.229 No, all of us are doing it. Whoever wants to be stealthy and be a brilliant person, I guess. 01:42:30.229 --> 01:42:33.463 I just wrap some seaweed around Caleb. 01:42:33.463 --> 01:42:34.154 Okay. 01:42:34.154 --> 01:42:38.577 Who's at the front of this journey? Maintaining a similar position? 01:42:38.577 --> 01:42:39.808 I will be. 01:42:39.808 --> 01:42:42.413",Perception
Perception,"01:47:30.726 --> 01:47:34.300 Should I try to send my duplicate down? 01:47:34.300 --> 01:47:38.536 One question. This is definitely coral that we are sitting on top of, right? 01:47:38.897 --> 01:47:46.883 It's bits of coral. When you step out towards that shelf, the coral recedes and now it's 01:47:46.883 --> 01:47:50.866 a protruding large slab of stone. 01:47:50.866 --> 01:47:55.561 It is a protruding large slab of stone and not a big-ass mouth or anything like that, right? 01:47:55.561 --> 01:47:57.699",Perception
Perception,"Okay. Fjord dives off the side and swims down towards the entrance to this cavern. As you 01:49:32.998 --> 01:49:37.523 approach you can see the coins plainly in front of you. Do you land at the entrance? 01:49:37.523 --> 01:49:38.441 Mm-hmm. 01:49:38.441 --> 01:49:45.558 Okay. Your feet find soft footfall on the sediment that has gathered there, knocking up a 01:49:45.558 --> 01:49:48.960 little bit of it for a minute before it all eventually settles once more. Looking inside, make 01:49:48.960 --> 01:49:50.661",Perception
Investigation,"02:14:26.287 --> 02:14:33.550 seaweed. The outside of the leaves have a teal-ish blue color. It wraps up against the walls 02:14:33.550 --> 02:14:40.371 as well. As you swim through and move, the still water shifts with your movement  you can see some 02:14:40.371 --> 02:14:42.687 of it sway and move with your movement. 02:14:42.687 --> 02:14:47.213 Oh fucking Jesus, our stealth is going to be balls here. What does the floor look like? 02:14:47.213 --> 02:14:49.193 Sand, silt, coins? 02:14:49.193 --> 02:14:51.580",Investigation
Perception,"There might be, but we'll keep an eye on it as we move around to the right  I just have a 02:21:09.266 --> 02:21:14.837 very strong feeling about going to the right. It's based off of, really, gut-- I'm right handed, so 02:21:14.837 --> 02:21:16.624 we're going to go to the right. 02:21:16.624 --> 02:21:17.537 Let's do it. 02:21:17.537 --> 02:21:19.621 All right. 02:21:19.621 --> 02:21:22.490 Do we see bubbles in the water at all? 02:21:22.490 --> 02:21:24.479",Deception
Perception,"02:30:32.109 --> 02:30:38.098 covered in this seaweed in chunks. About every five or so feet, you see another cluster, and 02:30:38.098 --> 02:30:44.916 they're a bit scattered around the interior. A large portion of this whole chamber network seems 02:30:44.916 --> 02:30:48.206 to be housing this same type of plant. 02:30:48.206 --> 02:30:53.006 We're going to move fast, and I'm going to keep Eldritch Blast charged, and if anything 02:30:53.006 --> 02:30:55.681 starts to reach closer than other areas of it. 02:30:55.681 --> 02:30:57.197",Perception
Perception,"Do you continue and curve around the edge? 02:38:08.400 --> 02:38:10.133 Mm-hmm. 02:38:10.133 --> 02:38:15.346 You come around the corner and look. You guys are at the front. I need Jester and Fjord to 02:38:15.346 --> 02:38:19.505 make-- since you have the globes, you can move the globes ahead if you want to. 02:38:19.505 --> 02:38:25.637 I'll say that they're 20 feet ahead of us and 20 feet behind. 02:38:25.637 --> 02:38:28.388 So you do not have disadvantage on your",Perception
Perception,"02:38:15.346 --> 02:38:19.505 make-- since you have the globes, you can move the globes ahead if you want to. 02:38:19.505 --> 02:38:25.637 I'll say that they're 20 feet ahead of us and 20 feet behind. 02:38:25.637 --> 02:38:28.388 So you do not have disadvantage on your perception checks. 02:38:28.388 --> 02:38:29.322 23. 02:38:29.322 --> 02:38:30.115 Six. 02:38:30.115 --> 02:38:32.056",Perception
Perception,"She just-- actually no, she shoulder checks the seaweed and does not give a shit. 02:46:11.619 --> 02:46:13.646 It works for Yasha. 02:46:13.646 --> 02:46:15.493 (as Yasha) No problem. 02:46:15.493 --> 02:46:23.180 You guys all begin to push forward. This chamber is larger than what you came in through. 02:46:23.180 --> 02:46:31.395 It's about 50 to 60-foot diameter, continues in for about 80 or so feet, and the height goes to 02:46:31.395 --> 02:46:41.249 about 30 to 35 feet. All the walls here are",Perception
Arcana,"02:48:04.190 --> 02:48:11.735 disc about that wide and about two feet from edge to edge that is resting on it but at an angle. It 02:48:11.735 --> 02:48:22.052 looks old. It looks weathered and there appears to be a spiral of runes, two sets of them, that curve 02:48:22.052 --> 02:48:27.487 inward around each other before merging in the center with one singular sigil where they meet. 02:48:27.487 --> 02:48:34.107 Are these arcane glyphs, or is this language? 02:48:34.107 --> 02:48:37.396 They are arcane glyphs. If you'd like to",Arcana
Perception,"thick forest of seaweed that tends to wrap around 02:58:32.706 --> 02:58:41.502 all the walls of this chamber. Beau, you're up first. 02:58:41.502 --> 02:58:46.211 I don't see anything. I look around? 02:58:46.211 --> 02:58:49.275 You can use your action to try and perceive if you want to. 02:58:49.897 --> 02:58:54.473 I go: Caduceus! Then I look around and see if I see anything. 02:58:54.473 --> 02:58:57.549 Okay, so you use the search action. Roll a",Investigation
Athletics,"It is now Yasha. 03:44:28.618 --> 03:44:30.041 Oh, right, that's me. Fuck. 03:44:30.041 --> 03:44:32.025 Cad's still grappled. 03:44:32.025 --> 03:44:32.886 Help. 03:44:32.886 --> 03:44:39.517 Oh yeah. She'll go through and take some swipes at the kelp, trying to loosen Caduceus. Or 03:44:39.517 --> 03:44:42.135 would it be better to grab you and fucking pull? 03:44:42.135 --> 03:44:45.967 If she rages in advance, she can use",Investigation
Investigation,"No, don't apologize. 03:49:27.568 --> 03:49:28.708 (whispering) He hates us. 03:49:28.708 --> 03:49:37.118 Dashilla's turn. Dashilla's somewhere. Fjord, what do you do? 03:49:37.118 --> 03:49:45.045 I'm going to turn with the falchion in my hand and search the throne for-- 03:49:45.045 --> 03:49:46.422 Make a search action? 03:49:46.422 --> 03:49:46.969 Yeah. 03:49:46.969 --> 03:49:49.917",Investigation
Arcana,"Yes? 03:52:01.639 --> 03:52:07.342 Back in the chamber, Detect Magic is still up. Does Caleb see anything with an arcane glow in 03:52:07.342 --> 03:52:09.614 this room other than what Fjord picked up? 03:52:09.614 --> 03:52:12.728 Only the aura from the table. 03:52:12.728 --> 03:52:21.914 So none of the shit around the edges, okay. I guess I will start studying the runes on the 03:52:21.914 --> 03:52:27.340 walls to see how they contribute to this mystery. 03:52:27.340 --> 03:52:29.419",Arcana
Perception,"03:56:44.803 --> 03:56:52.508 Okay. Well, you were staying over in this chamber with them. Nott and Beau, you are in the 03:56:52.508 --> 03:56:58.711 central chamber now. Do you want to search for the possible whereabouts of Dashilla? 03:56:58.711 --> 03:57:04.294 I want to look around and then I want to head towards that alcove back there. 03:57:04.294 --> 03:57:08.401 I'm following to make sure she's okay. 03:57:08.401 --> 03:57:10.800 I technically haven't heard shit. 03:57:10.800 --> 03:57:12.679",Investigation
Perception,"Oh, sacrifice style. 03:59:10.853 --> 03:59:16.650 They're all in various states of decomposition, the freshest one maybe months ago, 03:59:16.650 --> 03:59:24.912 and the sea has caused its own unique form of bloating and sloughing off of the various parts of 03:59:24.912 --> 03:59:25.986 the skeleton. 03:59:25.986 --> 03:59:26.868 Gross. 03:59:26.868 --> 03:59:29.395 Is she in here? Do we see any movement? 03:59:29.395 --> 03:59:31.355",Investigation
Perception,"04:02:24.485 --> 04:02:27.037 29. 04:02:27.037 --> 04:02:40.017 It dissipates. You watch as its glow vanishes. This horrible low, dull, vibrating sigh 04:02:40.017 --> 04:02:45.008 slowly goes away and it's no more and he's immaterial. 04:02:45.008 --> 04:02:48.008 You punched that ghost really well. 04:02:48.008 --> 04:02:52.389 I'm staying right at them and I'm looking for any movement while all this is happening. 04:02:52.664 --> 04:02:54.249",Perception
Perception,04:02:40.017 --> 04:02:45.008 slowly goes away and it's no more and he's immaterial. 04:02:45.008 --> 04:02:48.008 You punched that ghost really well. 04:02:48.008 --> 04:02:52.389 I'm staying right at them and I'm looking for any movement while all this is happening. 04:02:52.664 --> 04:02:54.249 Make a perception check. 04:02:54.249 --> 04:02:57.538 Can we go deeper into that chamber? Searching for movement? 04:02:57.538 --> 04:02:59.865,Perception
Perception,"Okay. You suffer three points of damage. As you place your hand down on it, you see this dull 04:05:12.701 --> 04:05:22.261 red glow around the hand that's placed on the table. As you begin to pull your hand up and look, 04:05:22.261 --> 04:05:27.010 the runes where the blood has splattered have begun to give a faint glow. 04:05:27.010 --> 04:05:28.957 Mm-hmm. 04:05:28.957 --> 04:05:32.439 Has anything changed with the ones on the walls? 04:05:32.439 --> 04:05:34.083",Perception
Investigation,"We understand each other. Cut palm to cut palm. 04:07:48.287 --> 04:07:51.228 (whispering) Blood brothers, so cool. 04:07:51.228 --> 04:07:54.929 I'll start to head out of the chamber. 04:07:54.929 --> 04:08:03.641 I follow Fjord out. 04:08:03.641 --> 04:08:08.917 Nott and I meet the rest of them. 04:08:08.917 --> 04:08:13.852 I'm going to try to get as much platinum and stuff as I can before I walk out. 04:08:13.852 --> 04:08:15.395",Investigation
Perception,"reaches out and the unicorns (fizzle). It lasts 04:09:25.750 --> 04:09:34.336 for ten minutes, right? As you approach they eventually flitter out. You all gather there at 04:09:34.336 --> 04:09:35.826 the entrance. 04:09:35.826 --> 04:09:37.496 Are we out of the cavern now? 04:09:37.496 --> 04:09:40.605 Are you all backing out of the cavern? 04:09:40.605 --> 04:09:44.364 Looking out for this hag as we go, yeah. 04:09:44.364 --> 04:09:48.052 Okay. For those who haven't rolled",Perception
Perception,"Okay. You make two. Hey! That's great. The third one... Oh no. In the crow's nest, as Fjord-- No, I'm down near the cannons. Okay. That's where the gunpowder is. Why would you be anywhere else? Literally the first thing they teach you. The first one goes by easy as heck. You're proud of yourself. Second one, a little tenuous, but you manage to craft it, and that's nice. The",Perception
Perception,"action. In that explosion, 13 points of fire damage you suffer, halved because of your evasion trait, so that'll put us at six. You take six points of fire damage as there's this brief explosion that rocks the vicinity and your ears ring. You grab the sides of your face as your eyes attempt to focus. In that brief instant, you see a shape move through the center of the galley. What? We have a fucking stowaway. Oh shit! First of all, am I singed? Did the other arrows-- Is everything safe? Is anything else going to blow up? Any other fire?",Athletics
Perception,"Beau and Nott? You said Jester, too. Me too! I'm going stay and keep an eye out on deck. The three of you head down past the galley, or the kitchen where you originally saw the shape move. You're now towards the center where the cannons and the accessible stores of gunpowder are. You guys can see the scarring mark on the wood there where the previous explosion happened. (talking through his teeth) Near the galley is where I saw the thing move. Do I see anything?",Perception
Stealth,"wherever that shape was? It's possible. Where you saw it was right next to the stairs that lead down into the cargo hold. Whatever the shape was, it moved behind one of the large barrels there, made a run for it, hoping it wouldn't be seen, and then went downstairs. Downstairs. It went downstairs? Into the cargo hold, yes. Let's go. Yeah, we go downstairs. I quietly dart forward to block off the path. Okay, so blocking off the area. Everyone",Stealth
Arcana,"thing, and it's a sphere. It's made of all these See, I can move it around, but I'm not quite sure what it does. But it's clearly really pretty. Can I touch it? In her gnomish hands, this is pretty large. From your perspective, it would be about that big, but for her it seems even that much bigger. It's a brass and golden sphere that consists of many layers of intertwining clockwork, sliding hemispheres, rotating bands, and strange inscriptions. It's this massive, complicated mess of contraption, puzzle, sliding pieces. Does it seem magical?",Arcana
Insight,"This is so crazy. Are you trying to get anywhere in particular? Nope, just was trying to get away from Port Damali. I understand that. Are your parents there? Nope, no parents. No parents? You're an orphan? Oh, they died a while ago. So you're an orphan for a while? Yep! How deep are these waters? I'm trying to figure out how much of this is-- obviously, a lot of this is bullshit.",Insight
History,(whispering) I've seen him before. You know him? Yeah. Oh. He's a rascally man. What's his name? His name? Yeah. Sir Cadigan. Sir Cadigan? That's a good name. Was this in Port Damali? This was in Port Damali. You are smart. Do we know of any museums or places with magical items in Port Damali?,History
Perception,"Twiggy goes: Yum! And digs right in. Do you have any future plans here? Is there something that you're moving towards? Do you have a place that you're heading, a goal, anything? I like making friends. That's great. I go around looking for friends. I give my most winningest smile. That is heavily disarming. You're doing great, then. But there's a direction, a cardinal direction that you're making these friends in, or do you--? Things just sort of happen to me.",Persuasion
Investigation,"those? Oh, Nott already took them. The eight that came out when I did it the first time. Yeah, Nott already took them. Oh, you already did. Okay, so never mind. I missed it. You mind if I take a look at that really quick? Yeah. I walk it over to him. Here you go. You can roll it. It's all right. No, I don't think that's a good idea. I'm going to try to move some stuff and see what happens.",Investigation
Perception,"Done. Okay. Those were all over it, then. All right, you're in charge. Hey, don't steal from us, okay? Nope! Good. See, we're good! As Fjord gets the boat going, I follow after Fjord. I'm going to, seeing as how she said there are folks chasing her, as we get going again, go up to the crow's nest, and do a scan with my awesome perception, and see if there's any boats trailing us.",Perception
History,"Yeah, I was going to say we probably took stock of any colors we have that we can run up that aren't associated with the Squalleater. There are no colors on deck that aren't associated with it. The only colors that are on deck were the colors that the ship previously sailed. We still have some fire damage on the boat, though? We're going to play that. Our flag was burned. Our flag was burned by pirates. We could paint a new flag with your brush. Yeah, but that's a really big amount of paint to use for a flag.",History
Investigation,"Hello, Traveler! I don't hear anything. Well, hold on! Give him a minute! Traveler, come on, I'm trying to bring somebody to you right now! I'm trying! Maybe he doesn't like me. No, he likes you a lot, I can tell. Okay. Yeah. Don't worry. He'll make himself known to you. Yay! Oh my god. You had mentioned briefly that some of Avantika's men and helpers had been armed with firearms. If I scout around, is there any ammo aboard this ship?",Perception
Investigation,"him again. I'm sorry that I used arcane trickery on you. May I borrow the Happy Fun Ball for a few hours, just to play with it? Hmm, okay! I take it out of my box and I roll it to you. (crashing) If you want this to poop coins, I don't think you should do that too much. I don't know, never was a problem before. You've had it for a week? Yes. Oh boy, oh boy, okay. I wander off with it to study it.",Persuasion
Investigation,"Instant death. Yes, make a saving throw. (gasping) I take my sphere. (laughter) That's my next character. Kiss of death. Thank you. Thank you for letting me play with your cat. Hey, you get the whole day. I chase after her, we go play, and you can play with the Fun Ball of Tricks. Danke sch�n.",Investigation
History,"It's a name. Yep. Halas. What is it? Halas. H-A-L-A-S. Well, we have just robbed Halas. Have any of us heard that name before? (disagreement) Mm-mm. Do we know what language that name hails from? It seems to have some roots in Zemnian, but it's a divergent element, so a name that hasn't been used in a long, long time. Kind of like-- Archibald, or-- Yeah, like Melchor. Things that are old",History
History,"As it looks right now, you need to shift it back to use a previous function. Each thing you slide unlocks the next use, but it closes off the previous one until you reverse it. Which I am memorizing. I go to Fjord. You've told us about the Halas thing? Yeah, sure. Is this perhaps something to do with Sir Cadigan and Port Damali stuff? Do you know a Cadigan? Would I recognize the name Hadigas? You wouldn't. Cadigan. No, Halas.",History
History,"slide unlocks the next use, but it closes off the previous one until you reverse it. Which I am memorizing. I go to Fjord. You've told us about the Halas thing? Yeah, sure. Is this perhaps something to do with Sir Cadigan and Port Damali stuff? Do you know a Cadigan? Would I recognize the name Hadigas? You wouldn't. Cadigan. No, Halas. Oh, Halas? You roll a history check, too. To see if this is his old stash.",History
History,"Is this perhaps something to do with Sir Cadigan and Port Damali stuff? Do you know a Cadigan? Would I recognize the name Hadigas? You wouldn't. Cadigan. No, Halas. Oh, Halas? You roll a history check, too. To see if this is his old stash. Yeah, roll a history check. That's absolutely horrifying. Ten. If they did teach it, you probably weren't paying attention that day at the Archive, unfortunately. Would I know it in relation to Sir Cadigan, the person I took it from?",History
Investigation,"Oh no. I cast Mage Armor. All four symbols are the same on all four banners? Mm-hmm. It was Hala? Halas. Exits? Do we see any exits? No. Pedestals, are there anything on them? There are four pillars. They are smooth. They appear to be either decorative or load-bearing, but there is nothing about them that catches your eye. If you want to take a closer",Perception
Investigation,"tool that is being held between the mystical pinkie, you hear a slight clink, like a spring snapped or moved. The front of the door here bursts into flame, burning out in the area. It burns solid for a good 30 seconds. Surrounded by flame, all of you are being lit by this. You're wincing from the heat you feel you should be feeling, but it's all being held at bay by the hut's boundaries. Eventually, the flames die out, the door, tapestry both untouched. I pull the hand back to me, and I take my keys, ow! Back in my pouch. Yeah, they're very hot. Can I search the pockets of the red coat?",Investigation
Investigation,"one? It triggered something, but you feel confident. I'll send the hand back out to try the handle again. (click, door creaking) It opens up. You've got to follow through. Sorry guys, I'm a little absent-minded. I mean, there's a lot going on right now. We have a way out! Should we just go out, then? I'm going to double-check these bodies for things before we go. If anyone wants to help",Investigation
Medicine,"picked clean. In fact, you find the belt on one of them seems to have been broken forcefully, and a couple of pieces of leather that are pinched where a belt pouch may have been resting for a while. Missing. Somebody has completely rolled these corpses and picked them clean already. Sorry, buddy. Seems that they were robbed before they came in here. It's weird. Or while they were in here. Oh, that's even crazier. Is there a way to tell if they were robbed post-mortem or pre-mortem? I don't know! How do you tell that?",Investigation
Perception,"don't want us anymore. Oh my god! It's possible. Let's kill her. Well... When the moment is right. Okay, okay. (laughter) So what are you guys doing? I am placing Frumpkin outside of the bubble. He always sends Frumpkin in to die. I am going to go look in the next room. But I love that cat!",Perception
Stealth,"and LAURA: We're fine. We're fine, Fjord. Everything's fine. Don't worry about us. They just turn on you that fast. I don't-- I think-- We'll talk later. Okay. Caleb says nothing. Nope. In fact, Twiggy's not even really going to wait. She starts to chase the cat. She wants to go see the cat and pet the cat. Okay, so Twiggy leaves the radius and starts heading towards the far end of the room. I'm going to sneakily do it, though.",Stealth
Perception,"As Caduceus steps in with the staff, the light seems to be crushed down to where you can see the faint bit of it there, but there's something about this hallway that's swallowing the light or at least compressing it to where it's not giving off much of a radius while you are standing in it. That's weird. Do we press ahead? I mean. No other way to go. Can you see anything, Beau? That's what I was going to ask. It's a forceful darkness and looking at Fjord get nauseous, does this remind me of any ghostly presence that I experienced before?",Perception
Arcana,"light or at least compressing it to where it's not giving off much of a radius while you are standing in it. That's weird. Do we press ahead? I mean. No other way to go. Can you see anything, Beau? That's what I was going to ask. It's a forceful darkness and looking at Fjord get nauseous, does this remind me of any ghostly presence that I experienced before? Not necessarily, but make a perception check for me. Do I recognize it as an obvious arcane effect?",Perception
Perception,"Meaning the end of this doorway, whatever's at the other end, is being tethered by something that's not really material space. You don't know what distance you're traveling between these two objects. Okay, I relay this to the group. We jumped dimensions to get here, and whatever is laying before is not a hallway. In a way it is, but not the traditional sense. But it might even be the way back out. It might be, yeah. As we turn around and look at the door that we came back through, are there any markings above the door or around it?",Investigation
Perception,"We're not in there yet. The flames we see are between us. The flames you see are inside the chamber, and you haven't entered the chamber yet. The Thaumaturgy doesn't seem to-- But are they in the way of us entering the chamber? No. Oh, okay. No, I was just curious if the magic would follow through, apparently not, or whatever is in there is not real. I don't know. Can we see any movement outside the flames?",Investigation
Perception,"No, I was just curious if the magic would follow through, apparently not, or whatever is in there is not real. I don't know. Can we see any movement outside the flames? Make a perception check. Come on, Jessie. Oh, well, 11, no. No movement beyond just the slow movement of flames. Is there any scripture or writing on the--? In the interior of the hallway? Yeah, to like enter this door.",Perception
Stealth,"it, but there's nothing behind, no daylight to really make it clear from this distance. You'd have to get closer. Do we see any other exits in this tower, this chamber? Not from where you're standing. But you guys still have not entered the chamber. Should we do it stealthily? Yes. I think we're about to enter into someone's study. I'm going to case Pass Without a Trace on all of us. So everyone gets plus ten to their stealth",Stealth
Perception,"stained glass window stands up there. Those books look like you could remove them and play with them. Caleb passes out. Nosebleed. I'm going to try the candelabra again see if I can get those flames a little brighter. Once you start, all of the flames flicker brighter causing deeper shadows across the chamber. I'll reel them back in. All right, that's good to know. You say now we see a door and it's open? That's the door you came through. But there's no other doors in this room?",Investigation
Arcana,"While that's happening, the stained glass window, now that you have light that's illuminating it-- Oh shit. There is no backlight, so it's just the light that you have on it right there. It shows clusters of different colored circles and discs arranged in a strange, tethered pattern. You see different colored discs, different sizes and colorations, that are laid into this with fragments of dark blues and grays in between. They are all tethered by these silver threads and various tangled-- it looks like a crazed synesthesia equation, if you will. Anybody who's",Arcana
History,"While that's happening, the stained glass window, now that you have light that's illuminating it-- Oh shit. There is no backlight, so it's just the light that you have on it right there. It shows clusters of different colored circles and discs arranged in a strange, tethered pattern. You see different colored discs, different sizes and colorations, that are laid into this with fragments of dark blues and grays in between. They are all tethered by these silver threads and various tangled-- it looks like a crazed synesthesia equation, if you will. Anybody who's",Arcana
Investigation,"Oh, she's in it! So you're inside of it now. It scoops you up. It lowers down and slams the cabinet shut as it pulls back. Twiggy's legs are kicking there, and like Audrey 2, it just sucks her inside of the cabinet. I'll never stop loving you! It's okay, she's lived in a box for like a week. She's used to this! Caleb, you're up. I am going to trust my friends to take care of the monster. I have a feeling about the desk. This is what I would do. I would think that there might be something in this man's desk, so I start looking for anything of use.",Persuasion
Stealth,"I won't bonus action. I will move away from it. Okay, you step away. It takes an attack of opportunity with you. It's going to attempt to bite at you and consume you. That is a 15 to hit. What's your armor class? 16. You just manage to duck out of the way as it slams shut inches from your body. Okay. I'll skitter behind near that candelabra and bonus action hide. You are going to attempt to hide over here or over here? Well, I was going over-- Oh, this way. You manage to bonus action",Stealth
Perception,"about the-- Fjord, Fjord. He's gone. Yeah, what are we going to do about it, Nott? Are you okay? I'm okay. Gnome power of two! It's a room filled with books, Caleb. I'm not. I'm a goblin. Make a choice. I'm going to join the women up top. Is there anything I see on the top of these cabinets? There's all this space above, and I want to see if there's anything--",Investigation
Perception,"that for one book? No, 13. One book. You try and get there, and the lock breaks. One of your tools snaps inside. Here, wipe it on this. That's okay. I tried. There's the second book and the third book. Okay, second book? 21. That book, the metal brace opens up, and the book is available to you. Hey, Caleb! Caleb, we got books! Are there any sigils or writing anywhere on the frame of the window or in the window?",Perception
Investigation,"anything besides decor and a library? Did anybody see what he was doing when he disappeared? Yeah, he was looking in this area. He was like, ""Ah"", and then I feel like I saw his head go over here. But then the bookshelf was in the way, so I couldn't see what he was reaching for. Did anyone check this desk over here, next to the portrait? That's what Caleb checked earlier. What about the far desk, behind the mimic? No one's looked at that, necessarily. I'll go snoop around there. Okay. You are going to head to that desk",Investigation
Perception,"Did anybody see what he was doing when he disappeared? Yeah, he was looking in this area. He was like, ""Ah"", and then I feel like I saw his head go over here. But then the bookshelf was in the way, so I couldn't see what he was reaching for. Did anyone check this desk over here, next to the portrait? That's what Caleb checked earlier. What about the far desk, behind the mimic? No one's looked at that, necessarily. I'll go snoop around there. Okay. You are going to head to that desk there. Okay, make an investigation check, and",Investigation
Perception,"by touching this? Do you make anything of this? I will search for traps. I'm going to help you. It's investigation. 11. If I help him, can he have advantage? Sure. If you're helping him out, yeah. Roll again. 13. It's hard to say. It's definitely a very pretty book. It's trying to get your attention by the way it's designed and placed. Doesn't look like it's dangerous. Looks safe.",Investigation
Investigation,"Has spell equations in it? Okay. We have to get Fjord out of that window somehow. Take the book! At least take the book! Hey, I've got an idea. I don't know how much time we have, and yes, we've got to find Fjord-- I'll touch that book. Touch the one that's open? Okay. You touch it. It's a regular book. Caleb, do we have her Happy Fun Ball? No. It's gone? It didn't come with us. Do you have your haversack?",Investigation
Acrobatics,"I'll move this out of the way. We could have done the ruby book! I came to destroy your party. It was a red herring. That was a trap. Or it could've been the spell book that answered all your problems. So Fjord. The sensation of being rapidly thrust through darkness at a breakneck speed is tough on you for the moment that it's there. Your sense of physicality is stretched for just an instant, infinitely. A point of light rapidly growing towards you until you're pushed through a circular portal of some kind. You're falling. You're falling forward. Gravity is pulling you",Investigation
Persuasion,"Where'd you get that impression? Natural one! You can't even focus. Your eyes blur for a moment. Yeah, small tears. You got the jake legs. It stands there and goes, ""Halas has not returned in an age. You shall keep me entertained ""for now."" That's funny, I've actually heard that name before, Halas. We saw some of his belongings. Before you devour me like a tiny little shrimp, would you mind a small request in letting me know who that person was?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"but I feel like your friend might be dead. He thinks for a second to himself. ""Time does move strangely chamber to chamber here. If he ""is, well, I guess that makes me lord of the manor."" Oh no. You hear another-- (footsteps) Manor? Are we in a house? ""More or less."" (footsteps) ""If you can call the hundred or so chambers here a house."" Jeez. You know, I hate to leave you without a friend. I mean, if this guy's up and left you high and dry, maybe I could offer my services.",Persuasion
Acrobatics,"Get me the fuck out of here. We're level seven. Why did we do this? You did it! Ten damage. Ten damage. Not bad. That's top of the round, so (approaching screams). Next up, I believe, was it Caduceus first? Did you go first, and then I went after you? I think we went-- we may have-- In the same round. Same round, yeah. Yeah, so we'll say both of you guys drop. Both of you roll initiative. First of all,",Acrobatics
Deception,"portrait that was up above the desk in the other Fuck, this better work! I start to bring my hand down through the top of my body, and I make myself look like that portrait of who we think is Halas. Now, I'm only a foot taller than myself. So I'm a four and a half-foot tall Halas. But I have a lot of presence, okay? Mini Halas. I stride forward. I go, in my raspiest, Hey! You look bigger than the last time I saw you! (laughter) (as Halas) Have you put on weight? You've grown!",Persuasion
Intimidation,"(repeatedly) Uh-huh. What're you doing? Let me take back half that movement and I'll go here. Okay. I'm going to-- I can't bail on Jester. I'm going to fire two Eldritch Blasts at the dragon, trying to get its attention. Roll two attacks. 25 and a 22. Both hit. Roll damage. Seven points of Eldritch Blast. Ten. So 17 total. Nice. It gets hit twice. I'll say, go ahead",Intimidation
Acrobatics,"It looks furious. (roaring) The breath itself-- it smells like burnt ozone. I actually still look like Halas because it's not concentration. That's true, yeah. It thinks I'm a four-foot tall Halas. It went through the head. It's really confused by it. That ends its turn. Top of the round. Where are you? We're hoping. Ah! Hey! We're going to land right on him! Kill him!",Perception
Acrobatics,"It went through the head. It's really confused by it. That ends its turn. Top of the round. Where are you? We're hoping. Ah! Hey! We're going to land right on him! Kill him! Go ahead and make acrobatics checks, you guys. Kill him. With your bodies. Terrible. 12. Five.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"It's really confused by it. That ends its turn. Top of the round. Where are you? We're hoping. Ah! Hey! We're going to land right on him! Kill him! Go ahead and make acrobatics checks, you guys. Kill him. With your bodies. Terrible. 12. Five. Acrobatics check or save?",Athletics
Insight,"Oh, yeah, okay. Oh, I see this, yeah. You were in a wall, dude. I was in a wall. That's pretty cool. Yeah. I think that everybody here thinks that this is their fault. Raise your hand if you think what happened yesterday was your fault. I mean, I might have a part in it. I mean, partially. If I'd have done better against the dragon-- I didn't do anything wrong! What do I roll? I think that's true. Insight, sure.",Insight
Persuasion,"""Appreciate that. All right, well, when're you planning to head off?"" Oh, in the next day or two, we're just getting our bearings about us again. We'll be out of your hair shortly. ""Could you leave possibly by end of day? I'll give you back 30 gold if that's the case. I ""need to--,"" and he looks off towards the ships that are waiting and goes, ""I kind of need the space."" I would love to tell you yes, friend, but the best I could do is let you know before sundown. Maybe for 50 gold we could get out, though. No.",Persuasion
Perception,"over to one of the nicer coastal huts set up right at the outside of the docks. Ooh, nice. Yeah, we'll find you. I promise we'll be as expedient as possible. ""Right."" Turns back and heads off to his business. Various military crews are still running up and down the docks carrying supplies to and from. What would you guys like to do? Walk inland. Breakfast! Caduceus. Yeah, and eyes up as we pass things along the way. I'm walking towards where I think breakfast is.",Perception
Investigation,"fucked up. All those teenagers in hoodies are going like-- It was pretty gnarly. Well, I'm glad you guys are safe, for whatever the fuck it's worth. It's worth a lot, and probably we'll be a little more careful about poking things separately. I was testing the texture. It wasn't even a push  I just touched it. No, it's the buddy system. No blame going around. Before we go on the bee tour, if there's any time, do we see any magic shops? Weaponry?",Investigation
Survival,"hands on deck!"" There's flashes of light over there. I don't know what's happening. As everyone gathers to begin to ford out into the evening-- Safe, practical, measured. Yeah, I was almost like: Captain? That's an amazing list of things that you are not. Your nerves are slightly set on edge as you can see the distant flashes of lightning arcing from storm to ocean, the heavy sheets of wind obscuring most of these bolts. With that, the rain gets heavier and heavier. I need you, as the",Survival
History,"As it claws across the front of your body, its hand seems to almost pass through the resistance of the armor for but a minute before you feel this shock to your system as it arcs through  you feel the lightning pulse through your body. You suffer eight points of bludgeoning damage plus five points of lightning damage. Would we have seen the lightning hit the ship? You were below deck, and there-- No, I'm upstairs. Oh, you're upstairs. You guys watched a bolt of light strike down towards the ship. All you see is this faint, dull glow, like a mote of energy",History
Athletics,"raging, plus four points of lightning damage. Okay. Oh god, I've lost count. Oh, I'm sorry, it has disadvantage on the attacks  I need to roll that other attack again. Okay, still hits because it's frightened of you. 71 minus seven... I think you're-- because the other one missed, so I think you're at-- It's going to attempt-- all right. It's going to attempt to move away from you. Can I try and grab it? You can attempt to. I'll let you grapple as a reaction, sure. I'll grapple as a reaction. Oh, fuck.",Athletics
Athletics,"you. Doesn't move. Your turn. It has to move. Isn't it frightened? Not anymore. And frightened doesn't force you to move  you just can't get closer. Oh, shit. It's your turn. That looked like it hurt. Do you want to be healed? Maybe? A little lower than I thought I would be. Can I try to grapple again and try to get my sword back? You can use an attack to try and disarm it, if you'd like. Okay, I'd like to try and disarm.",Athletics
Athletics,"It's five feet from you. It hasn't pulled away. You've prevented it from leaving, but it did manage to knock the weapon out of your hands. Is there anything in the torso? The energy that it seems to create has this field of electricity. You do see the bright points where its eyes are that are these two beacons of intense electrical energy and the faint heart-like glow that emanates from the center of its torso. The full thing is made of energy from different intensity levels that almost give variations to colors of blue and white. Okay. I want to try to grab it again. Grab it from the inside and try to pull it off of the mast.",Athletics
Perception,"I have! No one's seen anyone come in or out of that factory, and yet it makes buttons every day! How do they do it?! The story's been lost to the ages, since the great Calamity. All right. You're in? This fucker. (laughter) Let's find it  then we'll decide later. Fair enough. Just in case, can we keep an eye on the islands as we're moving in for any sign of structures, civilization? Yeah, whoever is helming that will be able",Perception
Perception,"Fair enough. Just in case, can we keep an eye on the islands as we're moving in for any sign of structures, civilization? Yeah, whoever is helming that will be able to make either two separate perception checks or aid one to make-- I'll send the perceptive fuckers up to the crow's nest. Yep, take a look. Are you aiding Caduceus, or are you both rolling? It's you? Am I doing this? You're aiding Cad. I'll aid you.",Perception
Perception,"Okay. Are you hoping for that Ladyhawke moment where you have a furry octopus? Yeah! A furry octopus. One pat of just (growling noise). There is a moment of transition. It's a little awkward. (yowling, then slurping) (sploosh) Into the ocean! There you go, bud. (swishing) Below, disappearing into the depths. Sorry. Go, Frumpkin, go!",Perception
Perception,"Ugh! It's never good! Eight. From the upper tier of the water, Frumpkin sees-- the water here is pretty clear. He made it worse. The water here is pretty clear. Frumpkin is a bit distracted by the heavy schools of fish that seem to be glittering beneath the surface and catching a little bit of the light that's making its way through the waves and causing this array of sparkles roughly 30, 40, 50 feet below the surface. I see a whole lot of ocean. Continues deeper, deeper. Make another",Perception
Perception,"Regular seaweed, not the strange crimson type that you came across in the Diver's Grave. I'm going to do a little ping of Eyes of the Grave, just to make sure there's no more of them in this other than the ones we can see. What's the range on that? 60 feet. All right. You're going to have to get pretty close to try it. I know that we're heading-- once I feel like, or maybe I should hit it again-- Okay, as you swim down to get within range to use your Eyes of the Grave, thankfully, the nearest creature doesn't seem to notice your",Perception
Perception,"Oh, the police officer came to our school and talked about this. Okay. Ruh-roh, hey kids. No. (sighs) Yeah, all right, let's do this. There's no other entrance on the tower? Just the one? That we see? As far as you can tell, there is just the one entrance. Yeah. We'll move closer. If you want to try and swim along the edges of it, you can look for other entrances. Hold on a minute. Go. Look around the tower.",Perception
Stealth,"doing? Are you just stopping? Are we above it? You guys are above it. At this point, you're about 60 or so feet above the top of this curved tower. It's at an angle, right? It's at a slight angle, yeah. Travis, how are you going to handle the shaft? I'd like to spiral down, slowly making my way around the top so I can see. Okay. Are you doing it stealthily or are you trying to go for speed? Stealthily. All right. It'll take you a little bit, but",Stealth
Perception,"Okay. Are you doing it stealthily or are you trying to go for speed? Stealthily. All right. It'll take you a little bit, but go ahead and roll a stealth check. Start at the base. Oh, I give-- bless you! (mocking Laura in gibberish) What is that for? You get advantage. I do get advantage? Yeah. Blessing of the Trickster. That's good. Ugh. Nine. Nein.",Stealth
Perception,"go ahead and roll a stealth check. Start at the base. Oh, I give-- bless you! (mocking Laura in gibberish) What is that for? You get advantage. I do get advantage? Yeah. Blessing of the Trickster. That's good. Ugh. Nine. Nein. All right. Make a perception check for me, please, as you're keeping an eye out. I'm also keeping an eye out to see if I see anything come out of the front entrance.",Stealth
Perception,Maybe we could send your friend in the door at the bottom while we go in the top? Yeah. I'd be fine with that. I will command the specter to move towards the doorway and engage anything it finds. Okay. The specter drifts down to the center of the doorway and hangs there. Just at the doorway? What does that mean? What did that delayed reaction mean? I push him inside. Okay. The specter vanishes inside. Commotion?,Perception
Perception,"feet from the doorway and send in a care package? Oh, attacks? Yeah. Anything ranged. Okay. See if we get lucky. All right. I'll descend to the floor, keeping about 60 feet from the outside of the doorway. Follow behind him and land. Okay, you're both now resting a distance from it. Can I-- because I've got shit when it comes to range-- cheat the distance and see if I can peek in from the top of the tower down?",Perception
Nature,"She looks back from the inside and goes-- He tried to do it! Error 404! The lip quiver. (laughter) She looks back and goes, ""There's a cluster of seaweed inside."" Steps into the interior-- doesn't enter the entire structure, but steps in the middle, waiting for any sort of direction from you guys. Deuce, do you want to take a look, make sure that it's not the ravenous variety? I'll look in the door before we sit down. Is this thing giving me a vibe?",Nature
Nature,"Error 404! The lip quiver. (laughter) She looks back and goes, ""There's a cluster of seaweed inside."" Steps into the interior-- doesn't enter the entire structure, but steps in the middle, waiting for any sort of direction from you guys. Deuce, do you want to take a look, make sure that it's not the ravenous variety? I'll look in the door before we sit down. Is this thing giving me a vibe? Make a nature check for me, if you don't mind.",Nature
Nature,"(laughter) She looks back and goes, ""There's a cluster of seaweed inside."" Steps into the interior-- doesn't enter the entire structure, but steps in the middle, waiting for any sort of direction from you guys. Deuce, do you want to take a look, make sure that it's not the ravenous variety? I'll look in the door before we sit down. Is this thing giving me a vibe? Make a nature check for me, if you don't mind. Nature check, oh no. I'll help Caleb over to the door.",Nature
Persuasion,"I'll help Beau! Yeah, I know, it's funny how my nature check is terrible. 13. Looking at the seaweed in this interior, it is of the same variety as that which is clustered around the rest of this tower. It is not similar, from what you can tell, to what you encountered at Dashilla's lair in the Diver's Grave. You're not certain if it has any interest in you guys, but it doesn't seem to be reacting to your presence. It doesn't seem to be a problem. We're just going to be here for a minute, and then we'll be on our way. Let me know if you've got any issue, and we'll do our best to stay out of your business.",Persuasion
Perception,"cool! That's old business. We've seen that one. As you guys take a short rest, you can use your hit dice to heal up. We'll be inside. Are you doing your thing? No? No, if we're taking a short rest. That's if you don't want a short rest, but you want to roll out. Copy. While we're around down here, can I swim around, look for any other trap doors, or doors, or doors?",Perception
Investigation,"one. As you guys take a short rest, you can use your hit dice to heal up. We'll be inside. Are you doing your thing? No? No, if we're taking a short rest. That's if you don't want a short rest, but you want to roll out. Copy. While we're around down here, can I swim around, look for any other trap doors, or doors, or doors? Sure. Make a perception check at first. Perception. Four.",Perception
Investigation,"Careful as you head out there. You don't know what's above you. He cares about you. The tendrils that are from its head that you saw trailing behind it are as long as the length of its body. There's about 12 of them that drift behind it, though they're all limp now, and it just lies there, destroyed. It's wearing an old, slightly tattered robe, who knows how ancient. That's as much detail as you can make off of it, other than its jaws limply hanging open, these dull lifeless flaps where you can see the toothy interior of its mouth as it hangs. Does its busted-up robe have pockets?",Investigation
Investigation,"But Yasha's really strong. Sure, but so are you, and you could show him-- Okay. I don't mind. Go on, have fun, take your time. All right? Do you need any money? No, I'm okay right now. Thanks, Mom. This is the body  this is what I was talking about with the tendrils, with the hair and stuff. It's pretty gross. Is there any jewelry or pockets or stuff on it? Keys?",Investigation
Perception,"You glance and look inside, and you appear to be in some sort of a spherical chamber, roughly about 60 feet across, side to side. And I'm at the top of it, right? You're at the top of it, looking down. There are clusters of seaweed. All around it, there's plant life that's embedded in aspects of it. A bunch of the seaweed is all coming up and tangling towards the center to create this upward column of plant matter. That's where the roots were, and it was growing up through the tunnel or something? Oof. I don't see any signs of life or light or structures?",Perception
Perception,"and died. I have the second and the third, but that's my logic. I must concede, I don't know how many temples there are. I'm only going off of that art that we saw in the temple. There were three in the art, and there were three balls, and you got the two balls. This is ball three? Ball two. Now, unless there's two holes in here. There should only be one, in theory. I'm taking a long look around during this. Ball two? Wait. You have two in you. Are you looking in the space? Make a",Perception
Investigation,"temple somewhere, with another person with dreams like you and Avantika, who has already done this? This could be the final piece of the puzzle, if we understand the carvings we saw correctly, even. We don't actually know, do we? No. Could you ask your god? Could you ask him? How do I do that, Jester? Well, do it like I do to the Traveler-- Does he answer you when you talk to him? Yeah. He does? I'm going to start looking around. Hey, Traveler!",Perception
Investigation,"I will need some time. I heard you whispering about this bauble, so I will begin on it. Well, the glass sphere makes me nervous. I feel like I heard of things like this before. Well, if someone has seen us through it, they already have. My question to you-- oh. They could see us through the glass sphere? In theory. I sat down on the floor-- oh shoot. I cannot do it now because my books are in your bag. If I take them out, they would be ruined. Yeah, I haven't opened it. Don't worry. That's okay. We can do it on the ship.",Investigation
Investigation,"With that crazy investigation check of yours, did you find any recessions in the floor? Yeah. Just one? Yeah. Can I get a closer look at the skeleton with the armor to see if the armor looks identifiable? The armor is studded leather. It's well made. There's a bunch of black sediment and general slime and grime from the red plant life that's gathered around the various plates of it that are fastened together, but it rubs off relatively easily. It's well made. No iconography? No identifying symbols?",Investigation
Medicine,"outside, on the inside of the shoulder and the back of the plate, you can see faintly pressed runes. Yeah! Magic armor! Too clean to be normal. I don't recognize that armor, do I? Not really. I'm going to point out, I'd be careful. Whatever this armor is, it didn't seem to help this fellow much. That's a good point. What do you think killed him? Does he look like his appendages are all attached? Any cracks on the skull or face or any sort of--",Medicine
Perception,"Yeah. All right. Making that route-- you're giving the direction-- the sails pick up and the ship begins moving. As the ship turns around the corner and you're glancing as it makes its way in your direction, no colors flying. Similar size, if a little bit smaller than your ship. As a first mate... Correct. Do I get a dope first mate kit, like a spyglass? There is a spyglass on board, as part of the equipment. Can I use the spyglass?",Perception
Survival,"and hit them with our starboard cannons. Get around that little piece of... No, we're still out of range. We've only got three cannons on the starboard side, though, if we turn to port side-- We're still out of range by 300, 400 yards. I can't do anything until they're 300 feet away anyway. Sure, yeah, let's aim to hug the coast on the starboard side. Okay. As you guys maneuver and tend to hang in close, making your way in towards the island, they do gain a little bit of distance. I need you",Survival
Survival,"feet away anyway. Sure, yeah, let's aim to hug the coast on the starboard side. Okay. As you guys maneuver and tend to hang in close, making your way in towards the island, they do gain a little bit of distance. I need you to make a survival check as you are currently leading the ship to try and avoid any sort of heavy rocks and things along the side of the island. That is a three. Because I would be doing this as well, can I give advantage to that, or can I roll as well on that? No, he has to roll on that. He's the captain, unfortunately, yeah.",Survival
Perception,"a second wind! Nah. (laughter) I want to kill things with my cannons! You're not shooting that great anyway. I think probably this was for the best. You can see shards of wood all scattered in the area around it, and the boat is sinking. Between the impact of being capsized by the wave, the blast of the cannon fire, and the fact that you're so close to the edge of the island put it in a position where it can't right itself. What do we see in the way of survivors swimming about?",Investigation
Investigation,"don't know specifically, but there does not appear ""to be a manhunt. Just be careful."" My momma says everything's okay! We just got to be careful. I think that's the plan. Caleb, you want to take time to Identify your goodies? I certainly do. I hand Caleb the leather armor as well. Thank you, Beauregard. Mm-hmm. I will go back to Nott and my quarters, and pull out the book, and take less than an hour to-- there's five things now. Okay. Yeah, because you rolled really high",Investigation
History,"have. Oh, yeah, that. I'd love to see about getting this fixed, maybe, as a token of appreciation for Mr. Fjord for doing such a good job taking care of himself on his own quest and not getting sidelined into some bad thoughts. That is very thoughtful of you. Thank you! I also don't know how to find a blacksmith. Oh, I think I know a pretty good one! Okay. Access the memory banks. (warbling)",History
History,"What do you do with it? Wait, I left it at the blacksmith. Oh, we're getting so afar. You just mimed a metal box. I did, yeah. That's amazing. You're very talented. Let's go ask around for a blacksmith. I think Caleb had something to say. Jester. Yeah? What about a place that has writing materials? Paper and ink and that sort of thing? Oh, yeah, my mom was big on books. There's a joke in there.",History
Perception,"see Tyral, the young man who had helped you with your cart, but does not recognize any of you, really. Nods as you walk into the establishment. It's still early enough where the clientele-- there is no presentation. It is mainly a relatively quiet midday dining experience. There are maybe three people in the interior, and they're probably having business meetings. There might be merchants who are using this space as a location away, to have more hushed conversations in a less public environment. You have arrived. What would you like to do? I look up into the rafters and see if Professor Thaddeus came home.",Investigation
Animal Handling,"think I would see Professor Thaddeus, but I did not roll that. I rolled a ten. You do not see Professor Thaddeus in the rafters. Too bad, man. That would have been really cool, huh? It would have been so cool. He flew the coop. Shame on you. That was bad. I don't feel good about that. I go running upstairs. I am sad-- there's a little part of me that, when you first got that owl and you made your",Animal Handling
Perception,"and I'm happy to have you home."" Thank you. What time is it about now? At this point, it's later afternoon. I'd say you probably have about another hour or so before dusk. I don't think we should look at the tower. Let's go fucking break into it right now. Let's go right now! I don't think we should do that. I used up three spells already. So what? We'll be fine! There's nothing in there. We're just going to steal some stuff. Can I make out, from the spine or the cover, what book she was reading that she set down?",Insight
Perception,"If anything, you're mocking her. She leaps off her stool and vanishes behind the counter. You hear the footsteps walk away and go into a back chamber, and you're left alone on the floor in the room for a second. Whoa. Do we see anything cool? Anything interesting on the wall? There's all sorts of interesting. Decorative scabbards containing what you assume to be a blade decorating the walls, you can see large conch shells and various sea trophies that were taken from people making the journey all across the Swavain Islands. Anything shiny?",Perception
Persuasion,"Oh yeah. A few moments pass. The door opens up again and he has a tiny leather journal and he, ""All right, soonest that we've got here--"" pulls it back, ""The soonest we've got here-- let's see, ""about 17 months, three weeks, and four days."" Is it possible to maybe move that up into a very quick emergency meeting? ""What's the emergency?"" We have to leave town and will not back for quite a while. Yeah. ""Well, come back in a number of months--"" It's time sensitive. We could all be dead.",Deception
Deception,"opens up again and he has a tiny leather journal and he, ""All right, soonest that we've got here--"" pulls it back, ""The soonest we've got here-- let's see, ""about 17 months, three weeks, and four days."" Is it possible to maybe move that up into a very quick emergency meeting? ""What's the emergency?"" We have to leave town and will not back for quite a while. Yeah. ""Well, come back in a number of months--"" It's time sensitive. We could all be dead. Make a persuasion check. Actually, no, make",Deception
Persuasion,"We were hoping for an audience if you have time this morning? ""You just happened to approach and knock for an audience?"" We came by yesterday, and we were told it might be best to come back in the morning. We brought tea. ""Did you make an appointment with Wensfeld?"" Yes, he said to come back in the morning. It's an emergency. We have really good tea! Earl Grey!",Persuasion
Perception,"present me with this dangerous information."" Don't you want our tea, though? We might not want to shout it in the streets, up to you! ""You don't have to shout it."" You notice that his voice is a whisper, even though he's 30 feet away from you. We feel a bit exposed, I would admit. ""You're safe."" There's some sort of amplification to his voice and it's placing it omnipresent around you at this low volume, like he's right there. Can we tell from where we are if he's human or elven, or--?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"people in the corner when it is time. ""Then what do you hope to gain from my alliance?"" Information, for the moment. ""About?"" About the things in our possession, powers that we are tapping into, the people we may come across. ""And eventually what favors would you be asking?"" We all know corruption runs rampant in both the Empire and the Clovis Concord. I don't want anything to do with that. I just want the truth.",Persuasion
Deception,"definitively lowered because it was something that you had existing paperwork as an example of handwriting on, so upon passing through, you present your paperwork and the guard there gives you a look. ""All right. You are returning to Alfield, what is your business in Nicodranas?"" Yes, we were getting his new pet. They're very rare apparently, or something, hmm. ""Okay, and you are returning to the Empire? You're not staying in the Empire."" We are returning to the Empire. ""All right, and whom do you pray to?"" To... To the old platinum dragon of course! Just like everybody else!",Deception
Animal Handling,"Oh yeah. It's to ward off bandits, makes it a little easier to-- Feel free though, it's just an illusion on the cart. ""Let them through."" They go ahead and wave you though. The high-rolling paperwork helped you. Ooh! All right. Now, the open blue skies of the coast give to the winter gray of the Marrow Valley. You have four days to Trostenwald. Is there anything you wish to do in that four day period, or no? I'm going to try to teach Nugget. You know, just work on that whole bamfing in and out and staying with us.",Animal Handling
Investigation,"You get some more supplies for the next leg of your journey, if you'd like to. To get you to Alfield, we'll say, amongst the whole crew, maybe-- let's see here... We still can create food and water. If you want to create food and water, then you don't have to pay for anything. All right, cool. You travel-- this would be two days. Is Gustav still in the town, or has he left town? Just out of idle curiosity. You want to ask around? Just while we're there. Okay, while you're there, go ahead",Perception
Perception,"at a distance, while it looks like the source of this blue flash, a male figure, is standing where previously was not. Oh shit, okay. This figure that apparates is wearing deep blue robes and appears to be elven, with very long white hair. Also an elder elf, though of pale skin in comparison to the one you met previously. Approaches with haste towards this woman. They begin to whisper for a moment before he shoos off the rest of the guards, and the two of them begin to walk together, the pair of them having a conversation. Caleb? I don't recognize either?",Perception
Perception,"of their former life. Stop the cart. (neighing) Is anyone around? You can see there is a crownsguard-- a pair of crownsguard that are walking this way. I'll cast Disguise Self and be some gnomish old lady. I'm going to walk over to the burned-down apothecary and start looking around. For anything in particular, or just trying to make it look like you're looking around? I'm looking for identifying signs of life or--",Investigation
Investigation,"gnomish old lady. I'm going to walk over to the burned-down apothecary and start looking around. For anything in particular, or just trying to make it look like you're looking around? I'm looking for identifying signs of life or-- Make a perception check. 15. You glance around, looking through the visible rubble, moving a few things. Don't appear to be any signs of life, nor any signs of death, immediately. Can I look for buttons?",Investigation
Investigation,"Where are the nearest guards at this moment? The ones that you were just speaking to. They walked off? They're walking off now. I'm going to hop out of the cart, go over to Nott, and trip. Fall face flat into the dirt. Wipe dirt on my face and into my beard, stand up, and pull my hood up. I'm going to help Nott search through the rubble. Yes, I'm going to start searching through the rubble. Same.",Investigation
Investigation,"Do you open the basement? Mm-hmm. Stepping down the stairs underneath, it's a small chamber, no more than 15 by 15 feet. The room is tossed, not like you remember. There's a pile of broken table shards in the far right corner. There's additional shattered glass all over the floor here. There's an iron chest, roughly three feet long by a foot wide, that sits in the far left corner. A single chair holds the center of the room. That's what remains inside. Lighting it up in here. Does it look like there was a struggle in here, or it's been turned by someone looking for something?",Investigation
Investigation,"That's way worse. Yours is much better. I go up, and can I touch and see if there's an invisible person in the chair? There is not an invisible person. I really appreciate that. I was a little spooked. That's the Mighty Nein special. Nott. You clearly have some personal attachment to this. I'm going to sit in the chair and see what I see. What does it look like from the chair? It looks like the room. She's Will Graham-ing it. You're tearing me apart.",Investigation
Investigation,"She's Will Graham-ing it. You're tearing me apart. Based on your investigation check, you gather that the chair was probably placed here after this, whatever transpired in this room. What would someone want from here? I don't know. Is there another way out of here? Chemicals. There was chemicals here. He kept chemicals. Second set of stairs into the house? There is no other exit from this chamber. No hidden ones, nothing?",Perception
Investigation,"Who has it? I will gladly carry it. My brain's not working. The Iron Shepherds, with Lorenzo. Oh, that's right. I think we should try and lock everything up and maybe break the chair. Why should we break the chair? Can I actually do a little pass on the chair and see if I see any signs that someone's been tied to it, someone's been questioned? How was it locked from the outside? Things that Beau would know that people would do in her realm?",Investigation
Perception,"I will lead them to a spot on the river bank that I know. All right. Moving past the handful of people in the city that are noticing this strange band of adventurers that have wandered through, you make your way past the outskirts and you can see the river itself cruising right along. It would be a beautiful landscape if there wasn't this intensity of emotion and the distant haze of long-grayed smoke that still hangs over the vicinity of the partially burned farmlands. Nevertheless, Nott leads you over towards one of the shaded banks under a few trees and you come to a stop. Are we being followed?",Perception
Perception,"than a year. Year and a half? I don't know. Not exactly. It's all sort of a blur. I feel like we can get this fixed. We're here now. We can do something. We just have to take some time, think carefully and slowly. I don't think we have time. He's gone. They could be killing him now, these people that have him. Do we know who we think that is? Is it the people you know? Is anyone else-- Is there anyone coming? Do we hear anything?",Perception
Perception,"It's nothing. So, shall we ride around a bit? Yes, because I want to hear what Caleb has to say. I also want to get a sense of things, so we're going to take a lazy meander around the area. I want to get a sense of where things are, get a map in my head, and I'm going to be paying very close attention. Through the city? No, on the outskirts. Okay. It'll take you a while. I'm going to keep going around until they...",Perception
Deception,"a hundred or so feet away. Keeping an eye out? ""Yeah."" Could you see anything that was driving them off or were they just taking their sweet time as they left? At this point the other, first guard you were talking to goes, ""Hey, what's your ""business here, anyway?"" We've come across these cricks before. We saw them in Zadash. There was a big ruckus in the middle of the city. Trying to learn all we can. I don't know when we'll come across them next. I feel like share and share alike, you know?",Deception
Survival,"probably descends to a depth of about 50 or 60 feet below and continues at a steady decline on for about another-- as you continue to walk, continuing to walk, you get to a full close to 200 feet in before it comes to an ending point. There's a few carts at the base carrying dirt and rock up. You can see shovels and pickaxes and all sorts of materials that have been left behind by the team that gave up trying to excavate this tunnel. There's no marking on it? This is an obviously organically-carved tunnel? Looks to be, yeah. The footprints going in and out, there's nothing--",Survival
Perception,"ground and due to the nature of this cavern you're in, it echoes pretty loudly in this space. You all can gently feel it and the guards in the back start looking around a bit nervous, not quite sure what's happening. One of them runs off afraid. He's like, ""It's going to collapse!"" I'm picturing like a didgeridoo. (low rumbling noises) You've run it for awhile, you've cast the vibration into the rock. What are you going to do to try and listen for? Honestly? I'm going to try and see and cut it off to see if there's an echo coming through the rocks, basically, in that split second.",Perception
History,"What? Ghor Dranas. Xhorhas. (whispering) What? (whispering) Something Dranas. Ghor Dranas. That's all I have. We've heard that before. That's in Xhorhas. Yeah. It's in here. Yes, it's in there. The cricks took him. Does that mean he's alive? Probably. Thank you, Caduceus. Citadel! They have a citadel. Seems silly to move someone who isn't. Anyone here who's proficient in history,",History
Perception,"Then I walk off. Okay. He makes his way back. You've hired some crownsguards under the table to keep an eye and escort Edith and Luke over to Alfield to meet with Bryce, where they're going to take care of them to some degree. Okay, so what do we do? Yes, what do you do? Do we go in the tunnels? Do you want to go in the tunnels? Okay. Well, I imagine the same guards will be out there again. Are we just going to plunge on in and try to-- Do we see any of the elven folk of the two that we have been talking about while we're walking around?",Perception
Sleight of Hand,"to be a little quick thing and he was going to be like, ""For brevity's sake,"" like he does, but he didn't. Sure. Nope, this is a full scene. I just want pockets. ""So just the two?"" Sure. ""Let's say, eight silver?"" Done. ""All right, there you go."" Passes it over. Okay, let's go. Let's head to the tunnel and if that doesn't pan out, we'll start heading north. I rearrange some things on the shelves as she's doing that.",Sleight of Hand
Deception,"were here and we were hoping we could toss you a little bit of coin and, you know, check out this area here a bit. We pinged something in the center cave and we just needed to reconvene before we came back to take a look at it. ""And by whose guidance are you assigned to do this?"" Cobalt Soul. Beauregard. Been taking notes. From Zadash. ""They've signed authority?"" Yeah, it's called this belt and these vestiges on my fucking body. Shit.",Intimidation
Intimidation,"little bit of coin and, you know, check out this area here a bit. We pinged something in the center cave and we just needed to reconvene before we came back to take a look at it. ""And by whose guidance are you assigned to do this?"" Cobalt Soul. Beauregard. Been taking notes. From Zadash. ""They've signed authority?"" Yeah, it's called this belt and these vestiges on my fucking body. Shit. ""You make a deception check, you make an",Intimidation
Athletics,"You watch as the guards take a step back, like, ""Uh..."" It's all normal down here, how are you? I turn back and I go (giggle). How long does that last? It lasts for an hour? Yeah. Can I talk in Polymorph? No, I'm straight up that thing. No, you are a dire honey badger. (honey badger sounds) Dig! I'm digging! That's what I'm doing! That's just-- that's what this-- (snarling) All right, I will say-- go ahead and make an",Athletics
Athletics,"Do I get another level four at level eight? I don't know. I'm going to go check right now for you. Oh my god. I'm going to start tapping on the walls of that tunnel-- Well, no. That tunnel's really thin. If we can-- At level eight, you get a second 4th-level slot. I have another 4th-level spell, you guys. I can do it again! Do it again! Okay. (deep breath) (boosh) Back into your dire honey badger form. And Bless!",Athletics
Perception,"You carve through, and you reach the other side of this collapsed tunnel. And we all instantly die. Yeah, right? As the molten l-- No, I'm kidding. No! No. Minecraft! We've all made this mistake, Taliesin. No! Pick, pick, pick, argh! Granite, granite! As soon as I make a hole I'll turn back into myself and peek through.",Perception
Perception,"the chamber. And it is a chamber. What you've stepped into appears to be a subterranean cavern. About 30 or 40 feet ahead of you it drops off, and looks to be about a ten-foot drop before it hits another straightaway. As it curves to the left, you've already smelled the minerals and the hard water smell of the interior of this chamber. You glance over to the side and let the orbs drift over a little further, and you can see a river. It's an underground river, and it seems to have carved its way through this lower portion of the chamber. It vanishes further below into-- As a point, can I tell if we're walking into any bullshit?",Perception
Deception,"Yes. As you're doing this, the one guard is, ""Oh hey, uh--"" Yeah. We've just gotten access to a small pocket that we're just going to check out, make sure everything's safe and appropriate. We'll have a full report once we've finished taking a look inside and we'll be delivering it. But in the meantime, let's not cause any undue panic. We'll let you know, or we'll make some noise if anything dangerous is down there. It still could not be safe. You're welcome to come, but I'm not sure if it's going to be-- I can't guarantee any safety beyond this point.",Perception
Nature,"Crazy like a badger! (badger noises) I'm into it. So you guys make your way through the tunnel and join Caleb. Mm-hmm. As you all step into the interior, you can also take in that smell of long-sealed underground water, hearing the rushing of the small river. You can see where the path continues on, and with the dim glow and the darkvision, where it curves forward you can see a faint natural arch that looks to be a continuation of the tunnel. Out of curiosity, those crystals feel utterly natural, right? It just feels like those were not--",Nature
Perception,"I'm thinking about Detect-- Nah. I could draw one! Fuck yes. Just before we move on, is anyone bothered by these crystals? Is this-- Are they creepy? Do you hear anything? Do you see any kind of traps left behind? I'm a little out of my element, which is surprising to say. Traps? On the ceiling? Sure, I'll look for traps. The people could put them on the ground or anywhere.",Investigation
Perception,"Don't apologize. It's okay, we're figuring this out. Will Nugget fit by Yasha? Okay, yeah, if you would like to have taken your-- Where else will I put him, you know? I don't know, maybe outside of the tunnel? Back at the place where we were? Where would they stay? I don't have the mini on me at the moment. I can do that at the break. However, as you've worked out your grouping, traveling through these tunnels, you go on for an hour, two hours. Those at the front, which would be you two, I'd",Persuasion
Survival,"these tunnels, but within them, it doesn't look, from anything you've seen so far is lived in. You don't see signs of any other creatures making homes or nests. You do see bits of quartz-like crystal forming from gathered minerals over time. I really like it. Yeah, it's pretty. A series of stalactites and stalagmites that find their way through the-- see? Thank you guys, for your help. T. Top. Yes. Just keep giving me suggestions. Really figured it out. It's not condescending at all. Are there footprints on the ground?",Survival
Nature,"You know, dire honey badgers got claws and stuff. Maybe a dire sheep. Ooh, that's good, I like that, Fjord. Yeah, anyway. I think they still have square pupils. It'll hit you in the moment. I got a feeling. Is that true? Also, though, I can't do that until we sleep, but I don't think we're going to run into them today, right? Because they're probably really far ahead of us, because they got a two week lead? Totally. Stop laughing, DM. That's not funny.",Nature
Nature,"Ooh, that's good, I like that, Fjord. Yeah, anyway. I think they still have square pupils. It'll hit you in the moment. I got a feeling. Is that true? Also, though, I can't do that until we sleep, but I don't think we're going to run into them today, right? Because they're probably really far ahead of us, because they got a two week lead? Totally. Stop laughing, DM. That's not funny. No, roll a nature check. What are you rolling for?",Nature
Perception,"to know that. All right. We press on. You push on? What little light you have shoving back the darkness, via the dull orb that Caleb is carrying in the center of the heart of your traveling troupe, you leave that first winding cavern and begin to continue down the burrowed hallway created by this worm. It stretches on for a mile, two miles, five miles... Can I keep a lookout to see if there's any markings on the walls? Any signs of directional type of code or language? While we're walking.",Perception
Perception,"I'm going to cast Light behind the crystal. It's a beautiful prism. As you see, the entire room is a scattering of shades of purple, pink, and, strangely, orange. It refracts the light in a way you haven't seen before, and for the moment, this dark ominous space becomes this beautiful disco. I couldn't help myself. Magical things live here, I bet. I've heard of faery creatures. I bet they live-- I'm listening very carefully to see if anything, any noise is coming from the next room.",Perception
Perception,"It's a beautiful prism. As you see, the entire room is a scattering of shades of purple, pink, and, strangely, orange. It refracts the light in a way you haven't seen before, and for the moment, this dark ominous space becomes this beautiful disco. I couldn't help myself. Magical things live here, I bet. I've heard of faery creatures. I bet they live-- I'm listening very carefully to see if anything, any noise is coming from the next room. Make a perception check. With advantage-- no, just perception.",Perception
Nature,"worm had burrowed through, there's a part of the ground that's digging into a divot. The interior of the geode's been carved out in that space. Is there any part of the wall that is still stone and not crystal? There are small bits, maybe like two- or three-feet pockets, but a large portion of this little geode chamber is mostly covered in crystal. Has any of the crystal been broken away by the worm's passage through here? Yes. Quite a bit of it has been cracked and broken. Does any of it look of value as a rare stone?",Nature
Perception,"somewhat created stone shell placed by Caduceus, the tunnel is yours. Lighting it up again because it's nice. On we go! Frumpkin also skips up Nott's back and snuggles in, grips her clothing with her claws-- his claws, damn my original cat-- and scarfs around Nott's neck. You got it. As Frumpkin keeps you warm in the throat region, you all continue onward. Same order? Mm-hmm. Those helming the charge at the front, either each take an individual",Perception
Stealth,"I don't know. Or it could just be wet. (dripping water noises) Or yeah, it could be that. Or it could be a water monster. Or Fjord could be dicking around with his cheek trick. Sorry, was I throwing you? When we approach it, I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us, and we'll approach it stealthily. What do you guys think about that? Yes, yes, yes! Good idea. Okay. We're approaching it stealthily.",Stealth
Stealth,"Or it could just be wet. (dripping water noises) Or yeah, it could be that. Or it could be a water monster. Or Fjord could be dicking around with his cheek trick. Sorry, was I throwing you? When we approach it, I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us, and we'll approach it stealthily. What do you guys think about that? Yes, yes, yes! Good idea. Okay. We're approaching it stealthily. Roll stealth checks for me, please.",Stealth
Survival,"may have continued to burrow. Oh, we have to find it. You get the sense that maybe this creature, and the people that were steering it, were leading it through whatever open chambers were possible, and then only burrowing when there was no continuation. Maybe gave it a run-around in here, like a dog in a dog park. I guess we should search around and see if we can find a hole in the wall. Yeah, I'm going to have a little light and see if I can find any tracks or anything for this thing, or any other footprints.",Survival
Perception,"anything for this thing, or any other footprints. Make a survival check. I look to see if there's any signs of life, any humans that have been here before, people. You're looking for...? Signs of life or signs that people have been here before? Biped signs of life? Follow their path or something? Yeah, campfires that have been extinguished. Okay, so both of you are looking for essentially signs of things. I will look for a hole in the wall.",Survival
Survival,"Make a survival check. I look to see if there's any signs of life, any humans that have been here before, people. You're looking for...? Signs of life or signs that people have been here before? Biped signs of life? Follow their path or something? Yeah, campfires that have been extinguished. Okay, so both of you are looking for essentially signs of things. I will look for a hole in the wall. Okay. Perception check and then",Survival
Perception,"I'm going to put it on the little squat one. Okay. But then put some of the crystals that I got in my pocket, like around it. Then on the tall formation, I'm going to write ""The Traveler is the tits! Worship him!"" Nice. Like, vertically. Perfect. All right. She's writing that down. You were at the front? Mm-hmm. Who's watching the back? I'll keep an eye on the back.",Perception
Perception,"It's like beef jerky? It's pretty tough. Like octopus. Strangely salty. It's the minerals. As you guys are rushing up around the edge, the cavern ends about another 50 or 60 feet up front. It just ends. What? This is not the right way. Oh. Let's go back and check that water. But if we go back the thing will be back. Why don't we all prepare? I haven't put my insects away, and we can just kill this thing off, really.",Perception
Athletics,"Right, it's been banished for a minute. Okay. Magic Missiles. (laughing) Go for it! Oh, yeah, that's right. We can shoot at it. You can still attack from a distance. It's about a hundred, now it's 90 feet from you. Ten points of damage. I'll do the same thing. I'll throw some Eldritch Blast at it. Go for it. I'm still throwing rocks. I'll shoot an arrow. Yasha and Beau are moving rocks.",Athletics
Athletics,"Okay. Magic Missiles. (laughing) Go for it! Oh, yeah, that's right. We can shoot at it. You can still attack from a distance. It's about a hundred, now it's 90 feet from you. Ten points of damage. I'll do the same thing. I'll throw some Eldritch Blast at it. Go for it. I'm still throwing rocks. I'll shoot an arrow. Yasha and Beau are moving rocks. Make an athletics check for me.",Athletics
Perception,"Perception for Frumpkin? 17 for Frumpkin. Good to know. The evening goes by. Frumpkin does notice throughout the evening some movement a strange creature, similar to what seemed to be the stalagmite-type roper creatures who you had fought before, but a little smaller, scooting along the ceiling. It made it through the tunnel, over top of you guys, and then continued on without noticing or caring about the location where you had placed and camouflaged your evening's rest. The next morning comes to. You continue traveling? All right. Keeping a watch out, Laura, please, as Jester, roll your",Perception
Perception,"I assume they've been making food for us and stuff? Yeah! I would hope so, because your provisions are going to run out pretty quickly otherwise. Sure, we've been making food. Yeah, I had that spell set up. Sure. Divine mac and cheese. Doesn't taste divine, just is divine. I can't do the spell I was going to do because I forgot I didn't have it prepared, but maybe tomorrow! Maybe tomorrow. So same set up? Evening's rest, Frumpkin's keeping watch.",Perception
Perception,"Oh, crap. No. The snow fell on the winding paths. Oh, just like the path we're on! It was chilly. She could feel her nipples getting hard. It starts so soon, it starts so soon! I mean, normally it doesn't take, but-- That was going right into it. Constitution saving throw! This is just an overall penalty to stealth. (laughter) Is there anything on the ceiling as I awkwardly stare up at it? Both you and Jester both make",Perception
Perception,"a little bit of this tunnel structure. That one came into this one, though. After the big guy came through. What? That's funny, that was exactly what was about to happen. I'm sorry, what? I'm going to-- I bookmarked it. Caduceus, go look up front! Jesus, god. He can't see in the dark. I've got a light. Does it look like these were-- I'm going to go up to one and examine it. Do I hear anything? Do I see any scrapings that would give a sign?",Perception
Investigation,"I'm going to clear away a little bit more. Is there a body underneath this pile? No body. Just a hammer? Yeah, just like a discarded tool. I'll take a look at the hammer. It's a hammer. It looks like it's seen a lot of use. Why? Why a hammer? The metal's wrecked a little bit in places and it's been bludgeoned and misused. I think someone got grabbed. Are the rocks around here dug out, like someone was digging?",Investigation
Perception,"following this, is it going to lead us-- There's no way to know. Yeah, no, I know. I was just kind of throwing it out there. How far can Frumpkin go? Actually, that's a good idea. Can we send Frumpkin down one of these tiny tunnels? Quite a ways, but if he gets too far away, I no longer have the ability to communicate with him. How about just to that edge, then? Ja, okay. Cool. So you send Frumpkin ahead? Sure.",Perception
Perception,"There's no way to know. Yeah, no, I know. I was just kind of throwing it out there. How far can Frumpkin go? Actually, that's a good idea. Can we send Frumpkin down one of these tiny tunnels? Quite a ways, but if he gets too far away, I no longer have the ability to communicate with him. How about just to that edge, then? Ja, okay. Cool. So you send Frumpkin ahead? Sure. Roll a perception check for Frumpkin. In the",Perception
Perception,"I cast Light on something tied to Frumpkin. I take a ribbon off my horn and wrap it around Frumpkin's neck. That's a good idea. Put the ribbon on the backside so it's not right in his eyes. You tie a little ribbon around Frumpkin's neck, you cast Light, and now the ribbon gives off this torchlight glow from the back of Frumpkin. For the first ten seconds, Frumpkin goes-- (laughter) Get it off! But gets used to it, and then trots off.",Perception
Stealth,"I'd rather them see us now than-- I'll run up and push myself up against the wall, against where the tunnel is, just in case they decide to come out that way. I will take the other side of it and do the same thing. Okay. You guys all heading to split to the sides? Yeah, we're going to fan out. Do we hear any movement coming from the tunnel? You hear a (snarling), and you see a spearhead slowly emerge from the tunnel and its head poke out ever so slightly.",Perception
Stealth,"I will take the other side of it and do the same thing. Okay. You guys all heading to split to the sides? Yeah, we're going to fan out. Do we hear any movement coming from the tunnel? You hear a (snarling), and you see a spearhead slowly emerge from the tunnel and its head poke out ever so slightly. Make stealth checks, guys, by the way, because this is now going to see you. I cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us while we were hiding. Is that okay?",Stealth
Intimidation,"""You! Loud food!"" Points at the rest of you. You're just dangling. ""You want pass?"" Yep, as your hair is just dripping there and you're slowly (creaking). His coat up. Yeah. He's following you with this nasty looking shortsword that looks like the edges of it are grimed up with black oil or something. You do not want to tangle with the spirits I command. I snap my fingers and Frumpkin appears, and four globules of light float in a circle around Frumpkin. ""Ugh!"" Takes a step back.",Intimidation
Deception,"to shake gently and start having a minor earthquake effect. Frumpkin stands and does that little-- As Frumpkin does that, and the rocks shake and tumble around in this small quaking noise, about six of the nearby kobolds go (gasping), and start skitting away from it, holding their weapons at bay. Two of them in the tunnels all of a sudden go (squeaking), and climb up in the tunnels and vanish. Aww! We have food, though. Yes, little me's, we have food for you! Worship me! I am your leader!",Perception
Persuasion,"I'm only a half, really. I'm half. Then the guy that's hanging. That's important, too. I think that's half of the next person, that comes through at that point. Definitely. One of them steps forward and goes, ""I think that is--"" ""Shh! I'm making number!"" I can also offer you this-- I have a pouch of smoking tobacco. You could smoke this and it will make you forget your troubles. It leans forward towards you, giving a look and goes, ""You (sniffs), goblin."" Yes.",Persuasion
Deception,"I'm not going to trade Nugget, no! Just trade Nugget for it. No. Are we going to be walking within 30 feet of that cage? Most likely, yeah. Okay, cool. I tell you what. Do you want this creature? I mean, I don't want it to suffer in a cage, Caleb. I will make one last offering to you. I will give you the Fey King, in exchange for this creature here. The cat? No, you can't!",Deception
Athletics,"bend, are both looking and the one with the spear is looking kind of eager. The one with all the shit on it is looking a little apprehensive and they're both just watching and talking back and forth. (kobold speech) Is Nott out of our sight? Yeah. Nott vanished a few minutes ago. I'm going to try to sneak up on the one with the spear. All right. And get close to he or she and grab the spear out of their hand. Okay. Go ahead and make a... I would say, with advantage,",Athletics
Athletics,"and grab the spear out of their hand. Okay. Go ahead and make a... I would say, with advantage, make an athletics check to try and-- 20. Seven. The spear vanishes from its hand. I'll throw it the opposite direction down the tunnel away from us. (confused kobold noises) He looks confused and rubs his wrist and starts walking back towards the spear on the opposite side. Then while he or she is going to get their spear, I'm going to try and grapple the weird one. The one that's all weird and shit.",Athletics
Perception,"Way to bring the whole room down. I'm dying. I am dying. D&D, happiness and sadness tied together. (laughing) All right, so what's the marching order? Spurt 30 feet ahead? All right. I walk with my staff out so Stingy is actually in the lead. Got you, so you're leading with your scorpion, perfect. Spurt continues forward. Do you guys follow? Yeah! All right. Spurt, roll a",Perception
Stealth,"I win! (splats) You watch as Spurt turns after throwing this, and then a giant hammer (slamming, squishing) Gallaghers Spurt across the stone floor of this open way. No! I run to the side of the cavern wall and lean up against it and shrink down. A little green slime seeps out underneath the hammer. The hammer lifts up and you see the stringy mess that was once Spurt detaching from the hammer. My boy! He was my boy! Shh! Shh!",Investigation
Stealth,"the hammer. The hammer lifts up and you see the stringy mess that was once Spurt detaching from the hammer. My boy! He was my boy! Shh! Shh! Everyone make a stealth check here. Caleb starts walking slowly back through the entire walking formation. Your work is done here. (cheering, laughter) Holy fuck! He died as he lived, as a spurt. Thank you, Chris. What are we rolling, stealth?",Stealth
Stealth,"That happened. That spurt was quick, but potent. No, Pass Without a Trace was not cast. We're stealthing? Natural 20! (singing) Natural 20! Well, fuck y'all, because I rolled a two. 23. That's a four for me. 23, natural 20, 19, and Yasha rolled an 11. I rolled an 11. Natural 20. Oh, wow. Okay.",Stealth
Perception,"You guys, who are off to the side, can glance over and watch this happen. It's across the way. You have no idea what the other giant's doing, but this one is across the way and is visible from your position. They think there are more kobolds coming. How are we going to get out of here? And where are we? Do we see into the chamber, across on the other side? It's not a chamber  it's huge, right? It looks, you would guess, probably a hundred or more feet across to the other side, but there is a wall there.",Perception
Perception,"Yeah, we'll get back to that. In a map? Should we mark this on the map then, with a pin? I was speaking in metaphor. Oh yeah, I like those. What do we do? We can sneak in. We can create a diversion. We could create a diversion. Hold on, let me see what kind of spells I have taken. But then to what end? We're going to run in there and do what? How far from the opening of the tunnel that we're at, off to the left, are both of the fire giants?",Perception
History,"would be better if, you know, I could Dimension Door with you, Caleb, over to the other side. And? And then we just keep going. We never engage with these fucks. Wait, what about us? What about the rest of us? You're just going to leave us? Well, he's going to make a big distraction and then we all run. I have a sneaking suspicion that there's probably-- These giants are fast, faster than we are. Probably with some range. Would I know anything about giants, reading up on them or anything?",History
Stealth,"Okay. Okay. I'm going to Blessing Of The Trickster you. You're still super stealthy, I don't know if it matters. Jester. What? It was so wonderful having Nugget around. Nugget's just going to run out and he's going to blink and blink and blink as far as he can. He's going to be fine. Yeah. He's going to be fine. I'm also going to add resistance to you so you can add a d4 to any saving throw for the next 60 seconds.",Stealth
Stealth,"on yourself? Yes. It's probably been one round now. There you go. You have to get across that bridge, right? There is no other way? Your speed is now 35, because you took the halfling feat. Correct. I will stealthily make my way to the bridge, around the-- So if you're moving at full speed-- the stealth rules, looking this up right here. As you're invisible, ""Impossible to see-- The creature's location can be detected by ""any noise it makes, tracks it leaves--""",Stealth
Stealth,"Yes. It's probably been one round now. There you go. You have to get across that bridge, right? There is no other way? Your speed is now 35, because you took the halfling feat. Correct. I will stealthily make my way to the bridge, around the-- So if you're moving at full speed-- the stealth rules, looking this up right here. As you're invisible, ""Impossible to see-- The creature's location can be detected by ""any noise it makes, tracks it leaves--"" So still means stealth check, but you have",Stealth
Stealth,"As you're invisible, ""Impossible to see-- The creature's location can be detected by ""any noise it makes, tracks it leaves--"" So still means stealth check, but you have advantage on the stealth check. I believe if you're moving your full speed it's disadvantage on stealth? I'm trying to remember. But with Blessing of the Trickster it might be balanced out, because you get advantage on-- If you have disadvantage and advantage it just cancels out, no matter how much you have of each. So it would be just a straight roll. I'll put it there. That's fine.",Stealth
Stealth,"You just barely maintain concentration. That was the base DC. You maintain? Yeah, she's still invisible. 15, 20, 25. You still have ten more feet of movement there. Under the bridge. Okay. And-- (pained screaming) I'm coming for you, Spurt! You're under the bridge now. And then I will press my body to the bridge and bonus action just hide. Go for it. Go ahead and make a",Stealth
Deception,"anymore. I'm going to Invoke Duplicity. Okay. Where are you placing your— I'm going to send my duplicate 30 feet in front of me. Right there. And then I'm going to make her run out and leap over the lava and land on the other side. As it is an illusory duplicate, it does not need to make a check. It just appears to leap and land. And then she's going to act like she's readying for the fight and getting ready to cast something. Okay. I will say, make",Athletics
Athletics,"Okay. You can do it. You can. You run across. (burning) Not right at the giant. I'll go around in a-- Can you leap on the crumbled bridge parts? Sure, I'll try to leap on some rocks. It's up to you. Are you going to try and leap across? Are there chunks in the water? Yes, there is one chunk here that is splashing and hasn't sunken in yet. All right. I'll do that. All right. Go ahead and make an",Athletics
Athletics,"the attack. So that would be 17 to hit. My armor class, as of today, is 18. Because of the level up? Yeah. Oh my god. As soon as you rush up and leap in the air, it sees the push off of rocks and backhands with the hammer, and as it swings out you pull your legs up and it just barely (swoosh) misses from beneath your feet as you tuck them closer to your chest and land on that rock piece there. So that's (counting). You can attempt one more jump. Absolutely.",Athletics
Perception,"Do you know what you also detect? University. Something you'll never know about. Oh, I'll fuck you up in two seconds. Allison's not paying attention and she's making ivy grow out of her desk and around the chair and some mushrooms up each leg of the desk's table legs. If the teacher comes back and catches you doing that, she's going to give you detention again. You'd have to tell her first. I'm not going to tell her, but if she asks, I will have to answer truthfully. Oops. Mushrooms up the front of your blouse. Oh, get the--",Perception
Perception,"University. Something you'll never know about. Oh, I'll fuck you up in two seconds. Allison's not paying attention and she's making ivy grow out of her desk and around the chair and some mushrooms up each leg of the desk's table legs. If the teacher comes back and catches you doing that, she's going to give you detention again. You'd have to tell her first. I'm not going to tell her, but if she asks, I will have to answer truthfully. Oops. Mushrooms up the front of your blouse. Oh, get the-- Roll a perception check, all of you.",Perception
Investigation,"Yeah, it seems like it. Not moving a lot, but it's there. She's also drawn pictures of horses with wings on them, skeletal wings. Yeah, that's all you find in those drawers. What about the good drawer? Can anyone get it open? Where's the rough one? Well, I suppose you're pretty rough. Can you get that open? I mean-- Are we doing this, then? Blame it on the fairies. I'm going check underneath-- I'm going to check the drawers I can open, see if I can find a key that's hidden-- if she's maybe done the thing where you hide a key where the--",Investigation
Investigation,"No, that was the main drawer. That was the main drawer. She was protecting that poor, sad, little letter. Should we dispose of these sprites? Maybe a little prestidigitation to get rid of the gore on the walls? I mean, we might need it to clean up the whole bloody place now, after you--you've--you whole lot wrecked the goddamn-- (laughs) I've never seen you so awkward in my entire life. I would like to also, in this room, search behind the tapestries to see if anything's hidden there.",Investigation
Perception,"Yeah, so what's the story, right? They, like, broke out and got free and fled? I've got an idea. I'm going to find the lock on the cage. I'm going to take one of the tiny daggers from the little, tiny sprites and stick it in there. Oh, I like it. Smart. We got attacked. We heard a ruckus. We came upstairs. She might be coming back, actually. I'm going to run to the classroom door and just put my ear to the door to make sure that no one's-- I can't hear anything.",Investigation
Investigation,"Come here. What? Get over here. Fine. Oh, he wants us to smell a fart. No, I hear people on the other side of the door. What are they saying? What are they saying? It's very subtle. You can't tell. You can try opening the door to find out. I can't hear. It's very subtle. I'm going to do one last check for liquor in the teacher's office.",Investigation
Stealth,"I spin my wand and-- it's very pretty, but a ring of flowers making you look like a silly lion appears around your face. Get off of me! I don't want to stay in this classroom any longer. I don't either, and while you two are flirting, I'll open the door and make my way out of the room. (whispering) Wait, wait, wait, wait. (normally) I wave my wand and cast Pass Without a Trace on all of us. Nice. So you going stealthy? Is that how I don't ever see you in class? Yes, stealthy.",Stealth
Stealth,"Yes, stealthy. Everybody roll a stealth check. Plus ten. Plus ten, yes. Ooh, thank god for that. 22. Stealth? Whoa. 21. Whoa! 27. Whoa! Oh, the old Sam Riegel roll. 28. Geez, Louise!",Stealth
Stealth,"athlete. As you run forward, both of you leap at the same time and actually run into each other, and as you leap you barely catch the edge of the archway. I hate this stairwell. I do, too. Allison, a hand? I'll pull up Andy with me. All right. All five of you safely across, you start making your way down to the Great Hall. You enter-- Wands out. It's very dark. As you're walking down the stairs, you can see a raggedy looking cat crossing your path. She's looking around with red eyes. She",Stealth
Investigation,"Do you think you could maybe outline the problem you're dealing with? Are you talking about the dungeons? ""Follow me."" Beetle apparates out of the room. So infuriating. She's going to the kitchens now. I don't even know where the kitchens are. Well, the kitchens are in the down below place. Do we know how to go below? I mean, we go to school here, so it stands to reason.",Investigation
Investigation,"So infuriating. She's going to the kitchens now. I don't even know where the kitchens are. Well, the kitchens are in the down below place. Do we know how to go below? I mean, we go to school here, so it stands to reason. Make an investigation check. Every perception it's been two, three, two. Balls. Total balls. Your hair is in your face. How do you see anything?",Investigation
Acrobatics,"Down there. Right down in that dirty little hole there. As you light up the hole, you can see it's a very deep hole. It goes down for probably about 60, 70 feet. Okay. It's dark at the bottom still. Smart guy? You're just going to jump down into that? You're the one with experience plugging holes. No problem. I will jump on that pillar and slide down.",Acrobatics
Investigation,"Okay, Taliesin, hit me one more time? 13 plus your dex modifier. Oh, that's zero. You're at 13 now. And the Beacon of Hope gives everyone advantage on wisdom saves and death saves. Correct. Thank you. I was going to get to that. Not that these poor kids won't be in any danger. Of course not! It seems perfectly safe down here amongst these giant spider webs. Do we see anything behind the chess pieces or the other side of the board across from where we are?",Investigation
Perception,"13 plus your dex modifier. Oh, that's zero. You're at 13 now. And the Beacon of Hope gives everyone advantage on wisdom saves and death saves. Correct. Thank you. I was going to get to that. Not that these poor kids won't be in any danger. Of course not! It seems perfectly safe down here amongst these giant spider webs. Do we see anything behind the chess pieces or the other side of the board across from where we are? Make an investigation check-- Or a",Investigation
Perception,"Oh, that's zero. You're at 13 now. And the Beacon of Hope gives everyone advantage on wisdom saves and death saves. Correct. Thank you. I was going to get to that. Not that these poor kids won't be in any danger. Of course not! It seems perfectly safe down here amongst these giant spider webs. Do we see anything behind the chess pieces or the other side of the board across from where we are? Make an investigation check-- Or a perception check, rather.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"Now it becomes Ferris Bueller. Yeah, right? As you guys come flying up the stairs-- I will literally come flying up the stairs. I cast Fly. Oh, I like it. I grab a broom! Yes, you fly up your stairs. You pass by the cat again and Mrs. Blilch, the groundskeeper. I don't remember what I said. They stare at you as you fly up. You fly up across the moving staircases. You all are running. Yeah, and we have that one moment where they skid around the floor around the corner. Yeah, definitely. You do that. You",Acrobatics
Athletics,"That's a 21. So you are back at one hit point. That ends your turn, Kash? Yeah, I'm done! Grog, it's your turn. Can I stalk toward Kash? Slowly and menacingly? Hey, buddy! How big are you? Oh, shit. I'm guessing 6'8"", 280? No, I'm probably not huge, I would imagine. Can I attempt to pick up Kash and throw him into the pit? Like, grab him and sumo-Greco, whoom! You know what? Go ahead and make a grapple",Athletics
Athletics,"probably not huge, I would imagine. Can I attempt to pick up Kash and throw him into the pit? Like, grab him and sumo-Greco, whoom! You know what? Go ahead and make a grapple check. Roll an athletics. You can roll athletics or acrobatics. Is it 20? Let me see which is higher. Oh, I don't have anything. Are these dex? Because I don't have anything here. Which is higher, your strength or your dex? Probably your strength, so roll a d20 and add-- Yeah, my strength is higher, but my acrobatics are two.",Athletics
Perception,"do, which is to communicate with these peasants and possibly find us some good bounty work, or at least something-- No one wants to talk to a man with seven fingers. No one! Valid point. How about-- Will you tape on another finger, maybe, perchance? Ah, yeah, that's not suspicious at all. I mean, if you want this finger I'm still wearing around my neck, I mean, you can have it back, but... No. It looks good. It completes the outfit. Thank you. All right. If I could have you guys all roll",Insight
Perception,"and possibly find us some good bounty work, or at least something-- No one wants to talk to a man with seven fingers. No one! Valid point. How about-- Will you tape on another finger, maybe, perchance? Ah, yeah, that's not suspicious at all. I mean, if you want this finger I'm still wearing around my neck, I mean, you can have it back, but... No. It looks good. It completes the outfit. Thank you. All right. If I could have you guys all roll a perception check real fast. Go ahead and roll a",Insight
Persuasion,"this way. It appears I have a notice for the three ""of you, and I would like to share this information."" Wait, wait, wait, hold up. On us? ""Yes. It's requested right here."" Is it... notice or wanted papers? ""Well. That is information that comes with a price in this place. Understood, information is ""expensive, and I paid quite a sum to be the messenger. It's the way the work is done, my friend."" Yeah, I see, I see. But you also look so stressed. Maybe I can massage you up, you know. These fighter hands are mighty strong, and I could really get those kinks out.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"they punch hard. Actually, at the current time, he has way more money than you, and I'm liable to fight for his sake and his body. Listen. For the sake of hypothetical. Next time we're going to-- Can we step away from the man I'm trying to intimidate, and we discuss this as a group? Well, maybe you can loop us in next time instead of being like oh, they're so stupid. They don't get it. They've got feelings. I know, seriously! I'm over here having a good flirt session. You guys, coming up here-- That was going nowhere!",Intimidation
Perception,"Let's chase him. This is our chance. He has to hold to the business, we can go after him. You guys chase him, I'll hold it down over here. You are not sleeping with this man! There is another opportunity, later, later, let's get the child, go! It takes three of us to catch one orphan. Well, yes, obviously in this situation. (laughter) All right. Let's go. Let's do it! All right, you guys charge out into the night air, looking across both sides. Everyone",Persuasion
Persuasion,"momma, I want to feed your momma too. Whoa. That's a small child! I am not going to bully a child, that's not the life I live-- But you'll fuck her mother? Maybe. Look! He said, to be fair, he said feed. That's open to interpretation. I knew what he meant and he did not deny. The child is slowly backing away further into the alley-- Hey, hey! Slow down. How about we each give you a day's worth of rations?",Persuasion
History,"tigers in the distance. I really need to get some glasses. As I see this I'm like (mumbles) and I entangle them. Okay. As you cast Entanglement, all these vines go (whipping noises), forming out of the swamp and writhing in the air. As they reach out towards the forms, they seem to pass through their physicality. I disbelieve. Well then, they're tricky, sticky ones. I'm telling you, need to get my eyes checked. I need everyone to go ahead and make a",History
Athletics,"Please. Please hit him, please hit him. Lord do me this one favor and please-- Is he close enough to throw Snugglelord to protect his son? (laughter) Well, towards Victor, which is the old guy. You want to-- Okay. I want to throw Snugglelord towards Victor to protect his son. Okay. Aww, that's so sweet. I'm going to help you protect your son, baby! No, what are you doing?!",Persuasion
Athletics,"Why is he still alive? Obviously you saved him. You selflessly sacrificed your body and saved his life. I would do no such thing. I was thrown. No, you saved your son. You saved your son. You're a good dad. You're a real good dad. I love you. Pushing into the swamp proper as you guys continue inward, you find, about 20 to 25 minutes of walking through, the actual swamp sludge is so thick that your boots are getting caught and stuck with each individual step. This is really bad for my orthopedics. Everyone go ahead-- everyone make an",Athletics
Intimidation,"back and looks at you, growling, it's lost way too much blood and tries to make a swipe at you, but falls face-first down into the swamp. You can feel the gurgling of its final breath pulling out into the water at the top of the marsh. It is gone. Oh. Sweet. That made a big difference. You can still move if you want. Help me! Where's Edna? Let me go-- I've hit my head and I can't get up. Hit your stupid button! I have that chunk still in my mouth that I ripped off, yeah? I'm going to spit it in the goblin's face.",Intimidation
Persuasion,"I mean, you could give it to your husband if you ever wanted, per se, a wife as well. I think it should go to me and my buff-ass son. I mean, we got a lot of stuff to work out. I would say it would be quite nice for your son to have a mother as well. You don't know. I need to play two roles. He don't have a mom anymore. I need to be the daddy and the mama. I'm clearly the strongest one here. I need the strength that comes with being a woman. What? I mean, by all means. I would like the entire party to roll a",Persuasion
Perception,"presence within this child, who ages four years into the future. At the tender age of 11, this daughter, now strong, Korra-style, glances up at her mother and goes, ""Now I can protect you, Mom!"" That's my baby. Aw. I don't know about you, but I'm quite happy with the results. I have boobs! Kurt holds her bosom and says, my tattoo's now three-dimensional! It's like a relief map! I just want you to know, Kurt, that this doesn't change anything. You were open-minded when I was a man, and now--",Persuasion
Perception,"That's my baby. Aw. I don't know about you, but I'm quite happy with the results. I have boobs! Kurt holds her bosom and says, my tattoo's now three-dimensional! It's like a relief map! I just want you to know, Kurt, that this doesn't change anything. You were open-minded when I was a man, and now-- Everyone roll a perception check. Feel these! They're fantastic! Okay. Ooh! Roll a what? What's going on?",Perception
Perception,"I don't know about you, but I'm quite happy with the results. I have boobs! Kurt holds her bosom and says, my tattoo's now three-dimensional! It's like a relief map! I just want you to know, Kurt, that this doesn't change anything. You were open-minded when I was a man, and now-- Everyone roll a perception check. Feel these! They're fantastic! Okay. Ooh! Roll a what? What's going on? Roll a perception check, for the love of",Perception
Insight,"magical energies uncontrollably alter the landscape around, thus the events that have transpired in the recent time. This explains why it's been a very weird day. There's got to be a rational explanation. As you make your way toward this earthy mound, you look about the outside and you can see there are a series of animal limbs and strange, crudely carved runes and various skulls that are all hanging by pieces of twine all around the outside of this entranceway that seems to delve into a deep, animalistically carved natural tunnel into the swamp floor proper.",Religion
Religion,"As you make your way toward this earthy mound, you look about the outside and you can see there are a series of animal limbs and strange, crudely carved runes and various skulls that are all hanging by pieces of twine all around the outside of this entranceway that seems to delve into a deep, animalistically carved natural tunnel into the swamp floor proper. I want to do an insight check. Onto? To see if I recognize any of the carvings or any of that stuff. It wouldn't be insight, per se. Insight's more of a person's motives. You can go ahead and",Religion
Perception,"crudely carved runes and various skulls that are all hanging by pieces of twine all around the outside of this entranceway that seems to delve into a deep, animalistically carved natural tunnel into the swamp floor proper. I want to do an insight check. Onto? To see if I recognize any of the carvings or any of that stuff. It wouldn't be insight, per se. Insight's more of a person's motives. You can go ahead and roll a religion check. Okay. That's 14. Okay.",Religion
Stealth,"air hitting you-- you can smell mildew and rot and what sounds like wood that has largely fallen into dusty awfulness. Descending further into the cavern, you hear in the distance low muttering, this small, synchronized, cacophonous chant, this (whispered incantations) echoing maybe, you'd imagine, 20, 30 feet ahead of you, around a bend. You can see a little bit of flickering light that's pushing into the hallway from around that turn. When I hear that, I'm going to use my Mask of the Wild, and I'm going to blend into the side of the rock. Okay. As you shimmer to the side of the",Perception
Stealth,"Stacking the deck over here for me, guys. Oh, shit, really? You fuckers. Why, why? Be nice to him so he'll help us. You make your way up to the room and the gentleman goes, ""I greatly appreciate this. Thank ""you so much for your aid. If I could have my chips, please."" Oh, yes, of course. Hold out your hat and I'll transfer them. That looks about it. There you go. He's going to go ahead and look keenly into your hat. I'm going to use a chip for that. Do I roll something? Yeah, go ahead and roll-- do you have a",Stealth
Medicine,"managed to pull out of that, and a red chip to Laura. Yes! (growls) Thanks, friends. So. You guys regather yourselves. You've had a bit of chaos in your-- All right! All right! This is a good day. We're going to go places, Manatou, me and you, bud. Me and you. I come down as well after he leaves. I've been making my way through the bar and I'm sure there's some bloodied eyes and some teeth knocked out, so I'll administer what limited first aid I know.",Medicine
Persuasion,"Oh shit, I can't catch for shit. Nine. You overhear this even from a distance with your keen ears. He says, ""I have friends that come from ""eastern Europe, distant family member, we'll say. There's something about her accent that's wrong."" That's probably true. That's accurate. I'm no man or woman's judge. I don't know her. I'm happy to help you. You seem like you need succor and aid, and I will give that to you. I wouldn't be too quick to judge her. Can I size him up from a distance? Get a bead on him? Make another notice check, and you, make a",Persuasion
Persuasion,"You can give in and no man will judge you. ""I'm sorry. It's just really scary these days. There's a lot going on. I've got to get out of ""here. I don't want them to see me cry."" And he stands up and stomps out of the Bella Union. All right! Be with God, all right? (laughter) Thus spaketh the Lord. Can I sit down in the corner and pull out my tarot cards? Kind of shuffle them. Sure. You-- Fortunes! Come and get your fortunes told.",Persuasion
Investigation,"You gained one back. You have three uses. I still have to-- Yeah, you can't take it back now, you'd be that dick. No, because my hindrance is heroic. So I can't divvy out. Yeah, I've got to, right now. You gain one back as an hour has passed. You gain one back every hour. So I have seven total, and I'm going now. Go ahead and roll your faith check. While he's doing that, can I poke around them piles of bodies and see-- Why would you do that? Ten.",Investigation
Persuasion,"""good from the bad. I wouldn't even believe what you're saying if this guy didn't come in here and ""fucking prove that God exists to me as an atheist. I'm having a lot going in my head right now."" Hallelujah. ""Halle-fucking-lujah. If you want to help, find out what the shit did this! I need a drink."" And he goes over and grabs the bottle of laudanum next to the guy. Oh, no, no! Who he was helping. ""Don't you 'no' or shush me. I know what I need."" Okay. Oh, good gracious. Don't be stingy.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Okay. Oh, good gracious. Don't be stingy. ""Fuckin'--"" Make a persuasion check. Stinky Jules. Hold on, I'm about to drink. Two red chips to the Reverend. Man down! Wait, zero, but I'm going to add a red chip, so I can get some of that. And a black chip to you, Sydney. So five. Yeah, but here's my chip that I just used to get that. He goes, ""One sip. I ain't got a lot of this.""",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Two red chips to the Reverend. Man down! Wait, zero, but I'm going to add a red chip, so I can get some of that. And a black chip to you, Sydney. So five. Yeah, but here's my chip that I just used to get that. He goes, ""One sip. I ain't got a lot of this."" Wait, can I make a persuasion check on her? You may. Yeah, I'd like to. Juniper. Don't you fucking call me Juniper! I don't know you.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Yeah, I'd like to. Juniper. Don't you fucking call me Juniper! I don't know you. Make a persuasion check. Technically, you do know me. Biblically. Oh, that's true. Did you check your junk? (laughter) You don't want to go down that hole. I think you already went down it, if you get my meaning. I'm not good with comedy. This is very awkward. I just don't want to see you going over an edge you can't come back from. What do I roll to stop Laura Bailey from having drugs?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"any better. Total of nine. All right. So that's with the raise, so you go ahead, and there's a dull glow at the side of her holster as you manage to enchant her weapon with Smite. What's that mean? You don't know. You do manage to glance to the side and notice that he brushed his fingers past, and there's a slight glow off of your holster. ""Two!"" Dan. Pull that trigger and it will be the last trigger you pull. So says the dark entity behind your shoulder.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Well, I'm Stinky Jules. Nice to make your acquaintance. I would ask if I may speak. ""Oh, be my guest."" Oh. Lovely. Sydney Hopkins Trivelpiece, at your service, from the great country of England, here to chronicle the glory and power of the Wild West. You, sir, your name has quite the renown-- ""Whereabouts in England? I actually had some time there myself."" Yes, well, point of fact, I am from Tawnyland, and by route of Shepardshire. But I took a barge and landed in the beautiful state of Mississippi.",Persuasion
Stealth,"Simon turns to him and they whisper to each other. I'm still standing next to Simon. Do I hear what he says? Make a notice check. Ugh, I'm going to spend a reroll. Not much better. Three! Give this to Laura, please. Three? No, you don't hear anything. You hear some whispering, and you notice that Simon nods and looks about shiftily and darts off into the town as E.B. takes his place with a big smile. Can I follow Simon? Stealthily, like blend in with the crowd behind him?",Perception
Insight,"Do you want to use a red chip to add another d6 to that? Just 'cause why not? Add another d6. Three. 14. Does he explode into a mist of blood? No. As you walk away, arm over him, do you keep walking with him? He goes limp in your grasp. Oh, no, no, someone come quickly! It seems his wounds have been extremely grievous! Oh, please, somebody help Charlie! You guys now see as Charlie has collapsed to the ground, now, just a gout of blood out of his chest where the previous scar wounding was. Oh, my dear, oh, I wasn't quite ready for this.",Insight
Persuasion,"chest where the previous scar wounding was. Oh, my dear, oh, I wasn't quite ready for this. Can I do an insight check on Sydney? No insight. Please, I'm afraid his blood will get in the bear wound. All right, let me check it out. Maybe we should pour some more whisky on that. Just push on the wound. Don't fucking touch-- yes, yes. The whisky alone would be great. Nine. If I could have you go ahead and make a",Persuasion
Persuasion,"type seems to be down here. As you make your way outside of the mine, you glance and see what looks to be in the distance about four individuals running away who seem to have been tracking you. You see them run towards a distant place, into the shadows-- How far away are they? About, at this point? 200 feet or so. Still far enough away to where I can shout at them? It's up to you. Sudis will shout, if you run, only death will come and find you, and I'm going to attempt to try and shaken them.",Persuasion
Perception,"girl. She's a hoarder! Is she going to put us in a box, label us? Tons of d20 lying about. It smells really good around here. Knock. Who's knocking? Leader. Am I knocking? Is that what we're doing. Did this turn into Kaulder the knocker? Every journey begins with a single knock. I can't be surprised, so I guess I'm-- Shouldn't we perception the house first? Maybe. I feel like we're walking into--",Perception
Persuasion,"sure it's not a bar? Might be so bad. What can we get out of this? ""I can collect some change from the few that have stayed. I've only got a bit of gold to my ""name as well, but we'd be happy to put it up if you'll be of help. Please, I ask."" A bit is much better than none. You're greedy. ""I'll speak to the denizens around. If you come back, alive, that is, we'll have all of ""our money ready for you. Yes, please!"" I think we should get half up front. You drive a hard bargain! What do you have on you?",Persuasion
Perception,"marsh."" She steps out into the night air, deeper into the swamp. Yeah, we follow. No mounts? No mounts to get here. You figure the swamp is hard to traverse with beasts of burden. As you step into the swamp, about an hour's worth of tense travel continues. You hear the occasional call of an owl into the night air. The swamp itself grows more and more sticky. You're finding yourself with each sloshing step finding more tension and drag against the back of your feet. A slow fog begins to roll in as the night truly takes hold of the Dreamseep Marshlands. I would like you all to",Perception
Acrobatics,"up from behind Grog. Why me?! Because you're big and scary. Makes sense. Go ahead. I've seen some really impressive things so far, so I'm going to try to not shortchange this. I'm going to sprint with all of my might, try and backflip over Grog and the wraith and try to stab it in the back. All right! The dwarven rogue lowers his head, ninja runs across the surface of the marshlands like his body has no weight momentarily. Leap off of the air. Make an",Perception
Perception,"She steps back with awe. ""Well then, I'm going to stay with you for the remainder of this ""journey."" Oh crap, she's coming with us. Oh, she's coming. Okay, cool. Right. We'll protect you. I'll need more gold. She walks alongside you. You step further into the marsh. Now, the actual liquid of the swamp is up to your knee and thigh. Each step is arduous. Eventually, you see a form in front of you. A large, stone archway of a ruined castle or establishment that has long-toppled over and fallen into the swamp. As you look forward, I want",Perception
Investigation,"16. 20. Barbarian being so perceptive! That never happens. I keep looking at the purple coming from your eyes and I get distracted. Kaulder, Dupont, and Grog, as you guys approach, you see in the center of this ruin elevated beyond the rest of the swamp water. There's a large stone platform, a table, much like this, that has on top of it a series of small trinkets and bone shards. It has some sacrificial nature to it. It is relatively fresh blood, meaning probably over the past two or three days.",Investigation
Investigation,"""I looked everywhere and saw nothing. I'm also a bartender and that's why I asked you guys. ""So if you want to have a look, please!"" Yeah. I was actually asking the DM. Oh, okay. Do I see, with my Draenei eyes, as I stroke my chin tentacles-- You have tentacles?! You have tentacles on your chin? On my chin. I don't like to draw attention to them. You don't need to. They're just there. So are you getting to the ground? That's right.",Investigation
Investigation,"also a bartender and that's why I asked you guys. ""So if you want to have a look, please!"" Yeah. I was actually asking the DM. Oh, okay. Do I see, with my Draenei eyes, as I stroke my chin tentacles-- You have tentacles?! You have tentacles on your chin? On my chin. I don't like to draw attention to them. You don't need to. They're just there. So are you getting to the ground? That's right. Make an investigation check.",Investigation
Investigation,"rolling a d20. That's not very good. That is, hold on! I've just solved the entire game. That's a two. You get close to the ground and there's a lot of small bits of wax. And you start pulling them together and piecing them, and you figure if you spend the next couple hours, you can maybe put together a very small candle. There were candles here. You are correct. Quazi, you are astute, as always. Bundle, would you mind checking the lock to see if there's--? I take a look at the lock.",Investigation
Investigation,"there's--? I take a look at the lock. Make an investigation check. Oh, boy. Oh, wow. Oh, no. It's cold in here. Warm it up, guys! Seven? Seven? The lock appears to have been broken through blunt force, but you have no other information you can draw from it. Lock appears to have been broken by blunt force. I don't know. Let me have a look. All right, if you want to go ahead and make",Investigation
Survival,"Do most of them smell like animal fat? ""Yes, they do, by their very nature. But I try best to add lavender to the batch and ""occasionally--"" Lavender, you say? ""Yes, lavender."" What about paht-pourri? We've discussed this. It's potpourri. You're dropping off the T. Well, it's just potpourri. You're fucking with me. No, for the fourth time. Were you going to track them? I'd like to try.",Survival
Perception,"All right. Dramamine, lead the way. As you continue delving deeper down this cavern, the smell of damp earth seems to be ever present as a recent rainfall has left a lot of this path, the early portion of it, rather muddy. Your feet slip and slick against the soft floor as you occasionally have to right yourself against the walls of the cavern, being careful as you push deeper into this. Now after some time the path comes to an abrupt halt where the floor seems to drop down about five feet into a tunnel that opens larger and wider, 15 feet below you, deeper still into the mountain. Shh! Can I hear anything?",Perception
Perception,"I am, totally. Am I allowed? Am I allowed to do that? No! Oh, I'll stop now. I don't know this game yet. What happens is he will create the environment and the things around you and you interact with them and you roll dice occasionally. I'm going to go under here for a minute. You're in control of your personality and the actions you do in this world. He's the world. I don't know, do I see any light? So as you coast around the corner go ahead",Perception
Stealth,That's right. Feel like journeying in a little bit? Seeing what else you can see? Sure. Sure! I cast Invisibility on myself. Okay. You watch as the outside of your gnomish companion shimmers and then vanishes. You find yourself invisible and you step carefully. Okay. I'm going to walk across the bridge now. We can still hear you. Yeah. I'll be quiet once I get towards the bridge. See if you can see any of the other candles. I walk towards one of the rickety bridges.,Stealth
Perception,"Okay. As you carefully make your way over towards the edge of the bridge you can see the water is about a foot and a half, two feet below where the bridge is and it's not rushing super fast but enough where it's breaking the water a bit, you're seeing a bit of spray and mist and you see these nine kobold creatures across the way. It looks like the one that was locking the door is currently talking and giving instructions to the others as you see the larger one is standing there with this massive pack on his back that's filled to the brim. All of them are carrying pickaxes to the side, but he has the wicked, more strongly built one. As he's pointing to them he's talking.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"armor and makes no effective impact. You continue rushing across the bridge-- No. I used 15 feet to get here. I'm going to do my running long jump for 25 feet over 20 foot bridge you describe to me and land on other side. And move up to this asshole on other side. Okay. You cannot jump further than your movement speed, technically. So you run, you jump, and you're getting right towards the edge there. I would like you to go ahead and make an acrobatics check. Oh, you think I would understand this mechanic before this moment in my life at level seven. What kind of check?",Acrobatics
Intimidation,"There's more where that came from if you answer the question. Are there more than those of us you see here of the kobold? ""There are, but scattered. Dangerous tunnels, find dangerous things. Wander. Avoid ""them! We do."" Quazi, do you think maybe you could convince him to show us safe passage? Safe passage, convince him? Oh, yes. Bring closer. (squeals) And you catch him as he throws him. Your hands, what I like about them is they're so little (bones snapping).",Intimidation
Investigation,"And I kick him really hard in the ass. Lead the way. The door is closed. Lead the way. ""I'm bound! You made me put rope on it!"" Is there a latch, a door knob? There is a handle latch and it looks like there is a lock mechanism to it. Hmm, a lock. Whose purview is this? That's you. You take look. Make sure it does not explode on you. I don't see any wicks. I don't see anything explosive.",Investigation
Medicine,"""He is strange one. Don't like him. I don't-- kobolds stay away."" Is he problem? (whispering) ""I don't know."" You be nice to him! It's the-- they're real-- I punch him in the eye. (cry of pain) You only live once. Orange. You've got to keep them in line with tough love. I take the orange. All righty. Do I know anything about this blue fungus?",Perception
Persuasion,"hunched, bestial dwarf ape-like creature standing at about six and a half feet tall as its long arms drag on the ground. It's drooling down its own chest. You've experienced, most of you in particular, this is a trogg, a large subterranean creature, but this trogg is acting strange. It's giggling to itself. (deep laughter) Holds the pillar and grabs some mushroom and scarfs it. Oh no. Here we go. (grunts) And he starts walking around the edge, looks around the edge right to you, ""It's ""real?"" No!",Persuasion
Persuasion,"(gagging) Pulls it out. You can see on the top of the staff, it has these awesome, pointed purple stones, three of them in a triangular pattern that float, locked into place. (licking) Jams it back in his mouth and begins chewing on it again. Can I make the staff look like it's made of snakes or something? Can I Thaumaturgy? Unfortunately, that's an illusion spell. Thaumaturgy is very simple. It's a very faint effect that wouldn't have an effect if they weren't already tripping balls. If they're already tripping can we say: Whoa, why are you holding that snake in your hand?",Persuasion
Stealth,"it, ""Hey, a snake!"" and begins trying to bite through. You watch as his teeth are breaking on the metal. I'll cast Command on him and say: drop that wicked snake! Okay! What's your spell DC? 13. He rolled a 13 minus one. This trogg is not very wise. Drops it. You see he's putting his tongue through his mouth and bits of teeth are falling out of his lips and bouncing off of his belly. (grunts) They're all currently entranced by the movement and the lights that you've created. I'd love to collect the thing.",Perception
Persuasion,"Reeks, if we leave them, will you keep guiding the way? ""Behind them? The way is where they came from."" Quazi? Feel like introducing yourself? Good news, my brothers. We come from both the future and the past. All three of them (grunt). Let me tell you. Your fathers are proud of you. The two on the sides look in to the one in the center who goes, ""You know father?"" I've been this fucked up before. Your mothers love you and are proud of you!",Persuasion
Stealth,"close. You can smell the horrible trogg breath billow out across your face. Almost thickens the air around you. It smells of rotting meat and a multitude of terrible memories. And the deep secret is: You know that I am you. He releases you and takes a step back and goes. (sobbing) And starts sobbing openly. The two other troggs clap the side of his shoulders and start sobbing, too. The three of them sit in place and start having the most basic of existential crises you could watch. Slowly making our way around the existential crisis.",Stealth
Stealth,"Slowly making our way around the existential crisis. The rest of you make a stealth check. You already made one. The rest of you make a stealth check. Doing inches this way like an arc. And Papa and Mama don't want you to hurt you! You have to love you! You get the sense they're picking up every third word due to the limits of their language comprehension. They're like, (grunting) ""Love! (grunting) Ove! (sobbing) Guh!"" They're just making guttural noises at this point. Give into it.",Stealth
Insight,"(laughter) Mind over matter. ""They mostly just let me through."" Oh, Okay, well, we'll figure it out. Now, now, you know King Tagwaggle will be very disappointed-- ""Togwaggle!"" Togwaggle will be very disappointed if we are not brought before him. ""Wait. Across."" And the finger, the broken hand, tries to lift up. ""Across. I remember! That ""way. That way to Togwaggle."" Straight across? ""Yes.""",Insight
Perception,"are not brought before him. ""Wait. Across."" And the finger, the broken hand, tries to lift up. ""Across. I remember! That ""way. That way to Togwaggle."" Straight across? ""Yes."" I want to take a quick insight check and give him an eye. I don't trust this one. That's not bad. That's a 16. 16? Kind of hard to read. You get the sense that something doesn't sit right with the way he's saying it. Aerwin, do you see anything hinky in this room? Anything off? Bad?",Insight
Perception,"hand, tries to lift up. ""Across. I remember! That ""way. That way to Togwaggle."" Straight across? ""Yes."" I want to take a quick insight check and give him an eye. I don't trust this one. That's not bad. That's a 16. 16? Kind of hard to read. You get the sense that something doesn't sit right with the way he's saying it. Aerwin, do you see anything hinky in this room? Anything off? Bad? You can make a perception check if you like.",Insight
Stealth,"What if they're waiting to explode the middle? And we're standing here talking in this chamber. Could I take some of my ball bearings and go across? I have my ball bearings in my pocket to trip them, and go across and try to get closer. You could throw them out in front of you to try and see if it hits them. No, I'll have them with me in case I need them as a defense. Can I sneak across to see them? Okay. So you pull out your small pouch of ball bearings, hold them in your hand. Go and make",Stealth
Acrobatics,"ball bearings, hold them in your hand. Go and make a stealth check. That's good. You're going to be good. 23. That's not bad. You have to leap across to get to the smaller platform that's going up, because there are the breaks in it. What's your strength? Ten? Zero. Right, so maximum ten. So you get about a 10-foot jump across that way. It's about a 10-foot jump to get to that smaller platform. You, keeping low, using the balls of your feet, make a leap for it, just catching the edge ever so carefully. If",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"bracers, some sort of large, thick pieces of armor, separate, as molten rock shoots up and flame ignites, filling the center of the empty armor into a large, elemental-like enemy made of fire and magma within the armor. You watch as this magma rager, appearing, giving this flexing roar, goes charging towards you. What are you doing? Am I doing this? Well, you're definitely not hidden from it yet. You have to hide first. Okay. Strength is not my thing. I think I'm going to run. Okay. So you run back the opposite direction, leap, head across the way. Go ahead and",Perception
Acrobatics,"fire and magma within the armor. You watch as this magma rager, appearing, giving this flexing roar, goes charging towards you. What are you doing? Am I doing this? Well, you're definitely not hidden from it yet. You have to hide first. Okay. Strength is not my thing. I think I'm going to run. Okay. So you run back the opposite direction, leap, head across the way. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check. 22. Fine. You spin, roll off your shoulder, leap, a second time on the other side, and make",Athletics
Investigation,"17. Glancing, you look down. Yeah, they are charred and long dead. The armor appears to be burned away. There are a few pieces of equipment that have lasted okay, although covered in black soot. There's a couple of small satchels that are left there and looks like they were back to back. Just hoping for help or trying to find a way off, and eventually, they expired. I'm sorry you had a tragic ending. I'm going to keep flying around them. I don't want to touch my feet to the ground, in case something comes out of the ground. But I'm going to dig through all of their shit and see what I can find.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"charge-slam attack. That is going to be a 23 to hit. Oh my god, yeah, that hits. Double ones on the attack, so only six points of bludgeoning damage. I can live with that. Six points of fire damage. I can live with that too. As it slams into you, you immediately get pushed 15 feet back into the air. You arc backwards. As you're falling back, you can look, you're edging toward where the central platform where you were before you go to the middle one, and off to the side where the lava is. Go ahead",Athletics
Acrobatics,"You watch as its intense expression toward the dwarf slackens and it flexes its shoulders and then roils back to the center platform and then looks over toward you with a nod. Your mama loves you very much. Your papa's very proud of you. Come on, you guys. Doesn't seem so scary! Across. All right, so your strength, your strength. What's your strength? Ah, zero. Or ten, sorry, ten. Nobody attack him, guys. If anybody touches him, this is going to break. Yeah, so the three of you make it across fine without any issue. Go ahead and make an",Athletics
Perception,"Is she asking Quazi, or is she asking Vax? You would almost definitely hit dragon, but it would be like taking donut and hitting side of Empire State Building. Absolutely you will hit, absolutely. You will take off half of one scale of dragon. I mean, you can do it. This is Dungeons & Dragons. Do whatever you like, but I'm just saying, the game will end in two minutes. Technically, it's Kobolds & Catacombs. Point made. I am curious to see. It's still sleeping. What else do we see in this--?",Perception
Stealth,"do we see any candles? Looking around with your perception bit, you glance around, and you can see there is a trail of flecks of wax that lead across the left side of the chamber into the exit where it goes. So it looks like whatever has been transporting the mass of candles went that direction. Great, there's the exit. I'm going to start making my way that direction no matter what. Sneaking, sneaking. As stealthy as possible. Who's sneaking first? Sure.",Stealth
Stealth,"slightly. As it blows hot air from its nostrils, a few coins glitter and come to rest. Stillness. Your breath is held. Slowly you exhale as it does not appear to have disturbed the dragon. You slowly make your way the rest of the way across the chamber and you're now standing at the archway for the tunnel that extends beyond to the next area. Who's next? I elbow the gnome and lip sync, and I say, chain. No, no. I know. Don't do it! Okay. Are you going? Okay, I'm going to try to go.",Stealth
Stealth,"its dream, it goes back to sleep as the jet of flame subsides. You look over and see this, what once was a tightly- and well-placed-together bun, is now a singed mat of scraggled gnome hair as the mage stands there, covered in soot, little bits of fire burning off the edge of the cloak-robe. I'm going to throw a Cure Wounds at that to help with that. I'm going to stealthily run toward him. You catch up with Bundle as he goes ahead and heals. Go ahead and roll for that. You get 11 points back to help. All right, who's next? I'll go.",Persuasion
Stealth,"and a few small pillars that have nothing resting on them at the moment, and along the curved wall where everyone has been stealthing around. The rest of the chamber is filled by hoard pile and the dragon. Here's what I think. If I fucking move, big noise, jig is blown. You need me to stay still. So you do your thing and if it goes well, you go and then I go. If things go bad, we all die together. Things go bad, can you run while I distract him with my things going bad? You know, no promises. We'll see what happens. Good luck. Here goes nothing.",Stealth
Stealth,"Seeker across the chest of the red dragon. It scrapes through and you see a little trickle of blood begin to spill from the little bit of scales that you carved through. It's still inhaling and seems to not even notice your presence. Oh buddy. Let's go! All right, that ends your turn. Greldamine. I'm going to hide and not fight a dragon. Okay, so you're retreating into the hallway and hiding? Yeah! You run deeper into the hallway. Are you trying to make a hide action? Sure.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"begins to push its way into the cavern behind you, the impact, the cavern shaking, you two who are running the fastest notice before anyone else does, the ground gives out beneath you. You both go into a freefall as the strength of the ground dissipates beneath your form. The rest of you see this happen just as you reach the edge and you watch as the tunnel is falling and collapsing beneath you as you all begin to tumble down into darkness. Right as that gout of fire is released, you watch above you as you spin into shadow, the flames completely engulf the cavern where you once were. Strangely, the collapse saved you! As you plummet down, whack! I need everyone to make an",Acrobatics
Perception,"do, yeah. We might need that later. Yeah, do the hit dice. You guys glance around the space you're in. Oh, yeah. We need to actually do that. As you guys are having this conversation, you look around. What faint bit of light you carry with your torch light or the Light spell to look around at the space around. You seem to have slipped down into a small crevasse that is partially broken open. You're hidden in this small, collapsed portion where a lot of it is filled with the loose rock. Beyond it, you can see a flickering, orange glow. As you approach and",Perception
Perception,"extended period of time. We'll just do the hit dice. It's been so long! Where are you at? All right! Wow, that was awful. I'm back, baby! Boy, I'm not. As you guys are completing your short rest, a new sound perks your ears as you're resting. You all stop for a moment and listen. It's the sound of a soft violin. Echoey. In the direction of where the candles are being stored. Can I peek through the little thing?",Perception
Stealth,"It's a tiny, elderly kobold who's like (squeaky violin music) I've seen you two in action. What if she fires and you follow with fire? I'll let her do the first attack, because you get assassinate, and then I'm going to Fireball immediately after that. And I'll Sacred Flame as well. Am I assassinating the king? Should we assess first the power of these other kobold around him? Fuck it! All right, let's do it. Eyes on the prize. Crossbow's ready.",Perception
Arcana,"he's like (choking) ""Why?"" Life comes at you fast. (growling) All right. That ends your turn. Sure does. All right. Greldamine, your turn. Okay. I'm going to try and take his crown off his head since he's stunned. Okay, what are you going to do, are you going to grab and pull it off? Yeah! Okay. Oh wait, no! Can I use Mage Hand to do it? Is that what Mage Hand does? If you want to do that roll an athletics",Athletics
Athletics,"he's like (choking) ""Why?"" Life comes at you fast. (growling) All right. That ends your turn. Sure does. All right. Greldamine, your turn. Okay. I'm going to try and take his crown off his head since he's stunned. Okay, what are you going to do, are you going to grab and pull it off? Yeah! Okay. Oh wait, no! Can I use Mage Hand to do it? Is that what Mage Hand does? If you want to do that roll an athletics",Athletics
Investigation,"tiny flame that's wavering lazily. Room is still on fire, and everything around it is awful, but apparently, it was at a point where the Sleep could take effect. Oh my gosh! You guys, grab as many candles as you can, and let's get the hell out of here! Snuff that flame? I don't know! If you damage it, it wakes back up. I'm not exactly sure how this thing works. I have a waterskin. If it's that size and sleeping, would that much water take it out? Let's grab all the candles we can. They might all be completely melted.",Investigation
Investigation,"as you can, and let's get the hell out of here! Snuff that flame? I don't know! If you damage it, it wakes back up. I'm not exactly sure how this thing works. I have a waterskin. If it's that size and sleeping, would that much water take it out? Let's grab all the candles we can. They might all be completely melted. Make an investigation check. About 20 seconds have passed. Should I make another death save? Yes, you should. Can somebody else please make an",Investigation
Perception,"with Adventurefury, the Blessed Blade of the Thrill-Seeker in his hand, and knows, ""No, this is your fate. This is your glory."" And the last thing you see before you all vanish into the water is him scream and run towards the reformed Rakanishu's elemental form. LRJenkins1234! Your father's proud of you! So at this point, darkness takes over. You're being rushed around the current. It's battering you around at a rapid speed. Even those of you with darkvision, things are coming by so fast that you're only seeing things quick enough before it impacts you. I need all of you to make a",Investigation
Medicine,"welcome sight as you recognize the nearby docks and humble buildings of Lakeshore, where you once left. You apparently were jettisoned to the bottom of Lake Everstill, and you're just around the corner from where you started this venture. Healing Word, level two  Healing Word, level three. Okay, you come to consciousness. She's a little worse for wear. Oh no. Do you have Revivify? If I use my Healing Word not knowing that she was dead-- did I use my Healing Word not knowing she was dead? Because I'm out of magic, at that point, if I've used two Healing Words.",Medicine
Perception,"currently crackling, Percival, it's your turn. Wow, it's been a while. I don't know how to play this character anymore. I've totally forgotten everything I can do. This is the last time we're going to play these characters. I'm going to run into this room and I want to see what's inside this building. All right. So you rush around. That's about as far as you get with your movement. Looking inside, you see a large cluster of sigils carved into the ground with crystals sticking out and it's this low pulsing purple energy. Make a",Perception
Stealth,"I'll stay in my room! Okay. Can I shut the door-- the door's gone. (laughter) At this point, both of the towers-- the sparking energy arcs outward and nobody's in the vicinity, so no worries there. Oh boy! You watch as energy sparks offward and hits the other structures nearby and then eventually pulls back into the towers and the glow is slowly building once more. Vax, you're up. Okay, I am sending you something. I'm going to use a bonus action to hide.",Stealth
Perception,"Yeah-- no! That's crazy! Right under the table. Live dick pics. Then I will save my action until I see someone, I guess. What are you holding your action then? No! No, sorry Matt! Sorry! I'm new to this game! I'm going to use my action to dash, right? I get more movement! Yeah. I go back here. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25! Out of sight of her. Do I get any-- Does your earth elemental have tremor sense?",Stealth
Stealth,"No! No, sorry Matt! Sorry! I'm new to this game! I'm going to use my action to dash, right? I get more movement! Yeah. I go back here. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25! Out of sight of her. Do I get any-- Does your earth elemental have tremor sense? Make a perception check. Yes, yes, it's all happening. 15 total. 15? No, 16. That makes a difference.",Stealth
Perception,"out of prone is just dropping to the ground. Is he close enough to where I feel a body go (thud)? I'm also completely silenced. Ten feet all around me are completely silenced. I know. Silence is different than vibration. Unfortunately. I mean, it is vibration in the air, but that's not going to stop vibration in the ground. It just dampens the sound. Nope. He's just outside of it, so you feel nothing. Damn it! I'm going to keep an eye on that tower, and if I see any movement I'm going to unload an action on anything I see.",Perception
Athletics,"spells get disenchanted. Yes and, Travis. I'll go through the portal. Okay. Out the other side you emerge. Can I head this way? Can I dash and continue my action and head towards-- Yeah! Head down this way. You get right up-- oh god. You get right about there. Can I use my bonus action to use my boots of feral leaping to jump into the doorway? Sure. No?",Athletics
Acrobatics,"around one side and you have Keyleth coming out as an earth elemental, turning into a water elemental then disappearing beneath the surface of the water. I can't see anything else? Nope. But you did hear the impact. No, I didn't. Can't hear shit. Oh, right. Silence, yeah. There's a giant tidal wave moving yonder. There's a bard over there. I'm going to take a jump onto that island. I'm stealthing, if that was not clear. Hiding under there.",Acrobatics
Perception,"He's walking on water, as I've always wanted to do. You can do that?! He's not a real thing. Oh, right. He can do anything. He's going to walk across the water going, ""Hey! Over here! Hey!"" While he's creating that distraction, I'm going to peek around and see if I see anything around the tower. Around this way? Yeah. You peek around the tower there. Anything?",Perception
Perception,"to do. You can do that?! He's not a real thing. Oh, right. He can do anything. He's going to walk across the water going, ""Hey! Over here! Hey!"" While he's creating that distraction, I'm going to peek around and see if I see anything around the tower. Around this way? Yeah. You peek around the tower there. Anything? Make a perception check, please. I would",Perception
Investigation,"Sorry, didn't hear it. Nothing. Silent motherfucker. You're a goddamn Navy SEAL. This is why in a normal game this would be completely crippling me because anything could be happening and you could not tell me. But on a solo mission, it's pretty nice. In the room that I'm in, can I see anything on the floor since I've been poisoned fucking twice now?! The cloud dissipates. You said you want to sift through the rubble? To see if there's a potion.",Investigation
Perception,"shattered remains of this. You find bits of the trap mechanism within there and you find a shattered glass vial with trace elements of a healing potion that has since been destroyed. Can I get down and (licking)? You do! You get down there. You get a familiar weird medicinal, herbal flavor that is mingled with shards of glass that are gathering on the outskirts of your tongue. Not worth it. Okay. Yeah, let's see what happens. Can I run out of the room? I'm going to head towards the back portal. Actually, can I get to here? She's in the water, right? She's not sticking out some?",Investigation
Athletics,"the tower bursts into flames. Fire climbs up and incinerates the island around the central tower, to no effect currently. Grog, your turn. Can I turn around, since my magic pedestal has not done anything for me, and go through the portal, please? Also, by the way, you see Scanlan as well. Hello! Bye-bye! Ten, 15. You're now inside. Can I keep going straight across? 50. You're about knee-deep in the water. Can I use my Boots of Feral Leaping to leap horizontally 20 feet?",Athletics
Perception,"I'm going to look around. No sign of Vax, I'm assuming. From where you currently stand, no. Scanlan, he's too fucking stealthy! I'm going to go punk Grog. And then I'm going to fly up within 60 feet of him. You just gave up? I can't find him! I looked! For legitimately six seconds. I'm literally the helium balloon in the grocery store that broke away from the cashier and is fucking sitting up there. You're going on an adventure! He's not going to let me do another",Stealth
Acrobatics,"All right, so you suffer the 11 points of force damage, reduced to five. Five points of force damage and you are not jettisoned off the force field. So it's considered rough terrain for you to move across. Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to use 25 points of my movement to run. Okay, it's rough terrain, so-- Oh. I'm going to use my movement to run 15 feet. 15, you're just-- I'm going to try and take a running jump to the top of the tower. Okay, so you're going to leap and release",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"force damage and you are not jettisoned off the force field. So it's considered rough terrain for you to move across. Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to use 25 points of my movement to run. Okay, it's rough terrain, so-- Oh. I'm going to use my movement to run 15 feet. 15, you're just-- I'm going to try and take a running jump to the top of the tower. Okay, so you're going to leap and release the boots? Make an acrobatics check, please. As you go and try and leap for it--",Acrobatics
Athletics,"I don't know. You hear the wind whipping around outside, but you don't see anything. Could I step out the door? Like five feet. You look up immediately and see Keyleth floating there in elemental form after the flames subside. All right, let's just try it because fuck it. Can I use my boots of feral leaping to make a 15-foot vertical leap with a DC of 16? You can. She's 20 feet up in the air, though. You glance up and she's 20 feet up. Just too much. Could I try and climb up the side of the tower?",Athletics
Perception,"two to my strength. That's the distance you can jump in feet is your strength score. So triple that, you can jump pretty far. Let me jump behind there. Do I have enough, with the rest of my movement, can I get inside this building? No, that would be part of your movement. Then I'll stay there. Okay. Finishing Keyleth's turn, Percival, you're up. You heal 20 hit points. That's nice! I'm going to head this way on the tower. (counting) Do I see Keyleth?",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Yeah, I'm holding on for dear life. All right. So you do not make an acrobatics check and it crumbles beneath you. The rocks begin to grind and tear into you as you fall in with it. Okay, so I wouldn't try and dodge? I don't get a dodge for any of that? Not if you're adhering to it and it collapses inward. Oh, I mean, I didn't know the situation. I was just trying to be safe. Okay. It's falling back and then crumbling inwards. Oh yeah, no, no, no.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Okay, so I wouldn't try and dodge? I don't get a dodge for any of that? Not if you're adhering to it and it collapses inward. Oh, I mean, I didn't know the situation. I was just trying to be safe. Okay. It's falling back and then crumbling inwards. Oh yeah, no, no, no. Make an acrobatics check. Okay, sorry, yeah. I thought it was like surfing. You were for a moment, and then it all collapsed.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Do I see Vax at any point? Nope. Do I see Scanlan at any point? Nope. Okay. Actually, yeah, you would see Scanlan. Can I take my shots? Yeah. All right. How many? Three. Four! Ha. He sees me?! Through all that fucking rubble? Well, he rode it down to the ground and made",Acrobatics
Athletics,"Okay. Can I use my bonus action to go earth elemental again? You have to change to a different form. Then I will stay. Okay. Percival, your turn. I'm going to try and squeeze around out of this. Top of your turn, make a constitution saving throw. Oh, fine. Natural 20. I really would've liked that on a shot, but that's okay. It would have made life way easier. That is 19 points of force damage, reduced to nine. Right, so you're trying to escape from",Athletics
Acrobatics,"""it's time for our second big event. It's time to learn the official dance of Storybook Love Singles' The Electric Slide. And who better to teach a clumsy oaf how to dance than my own ""bride? Here she is, the real animal of our relationship, Beauty! Take it away!"" Beauty rolls her eyes at his stupid joke and strides onto the dance floor. ""Okay. Listen up, you scrubs! The ""Electric Slide is the most alluring and easy to teach of the Slides. There's only five steps you ""got to remember. I need a volunteer. Who's it going to be? Oh. You, Goldie! All right, get up You do the grapevine to the right. One, two, three, four and tap your",Persuasion
Acrobatics,"The Electric Slide. And who better to teach a clumsy oaf how to dance than my own ""bride? Here she is, the real animal of our relationship, Beauty! Take it away!"" Beauty rolls her eyes at his stupid joke and strides onto the dance floor. ""Okay. Listen up, you scrubs! The ""Electric Slide is the most alluring and easy to teach of the Slides. There's only five steps you ""got to remember. I need a volunteer. Who's it going to be? Oh. You, Goldie! All right, get up You do the grapevine to the right. One, two, three, four and tap your ""foot."" Roll an acrobatics check. Roll an acrobatics?",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"to the right. One, two, three, four and tap your ""foot."" Roll an acrobatics check. Roll an acrobatics? An acrobatics ability check Let's see! It's eight. Plus? Plus two. So it's a ten! So you fail. The Electric Slide is hard! You try to do the move, but you go the wrong way, you're on the wrong foot. You stumble into Beauty, causing you both to stumble. ""It's okay. Let's try again, all right? Then you grapevine to ""the left one, two, three, four."" Roll another",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"I don't mean to step on you. ""Yeah, if you don't mind, we're going to move onto another helper, if that's all right. Please, ""go back down there and I'll get somebody else. Anybody else want to try?"" Me! I am tiny, but lithe! ""Yes, you, small man!"" Bring the tinyman up, I'd love to see you perform! ""Come on over. The Electric Slide is very easy to do. Children can do it."" I am the same height as a child! Hear hear! ""You first grapevine to the right, one, two,",Acrobatics
Medicine,"You haven't seen any pirates yet. I can deal with pirates. What if they're dead pirates? Ooh, even better! So hot! Seeing Beauty standing alone, worried about her husband, I approach. Hey, do you currently love anyone and would you be interested in loving someone new? ""I'm bleeding and cut."" Oh, I'm sorry. I pull some of my stuffing out of my hip and I apply it to the cut on her head. ""Oh, actually, that kind of feels okay."" Roll",Medicine
Medicine,"all smash to the floor. You notice the Hunchback of Notre Dame, this kindly old man, has fallen to the floor. He's writhing in pain. Is he smaller than the average person? He is. He's small. I'm sorry about the music. He's foaming at the mouth, convulsing, he seems to be having some sort of medical attention. I go up to him and shake him. Shake him? Okay, it does nothing. He is still convulsing violently. I slap him. Wake up! You might have been a good suitor. That does not seem to help him at all. He's definitely having a heart attack.",Medicine
Perception,"We know how to deal with pirates. Can we maybe deal with this situation, because we both want to have a nice cruise, and then we can go back to ignoring each other on this very nice cruise. Peter, I'd like to say, I might be the Queen of Hearts, but you might be the king. You saved him from his heart attack, you see. You see? Do you see what I said? I do. I see what you're laying down there, and I like it. You know, I love a funny woman. If you want a tiny man, he's literally a child. Always. That's untrue. I'm uncomfortable with that implication.",Perception
Perception,"broken, there's lots of water on the floor, but mixed with the ice, you feel warm seawater on your feet, and realize that your ship is taking on water. Put your hands on me, Hatter! Hey, I think that warm water is leaking into our ship, although I'm happy to know that we're in the Caribbean! This is not the Titanic! Yes, always looking for a positive edge! We should get some floaties and continue the party! So it's like going down in a jacuzzi! They're about to shoot us again! I want to go get a look at this pirate",Investigation
Acrobatics,"her a little back of the fingers brush on her hip. Just a little flirty nothing. I'm sorry, I'm raging. I will elbow that. Okay. Roll for an attack. I'm raging, I can't-- I'm in a frenzy. You can't control yourself. Oh, well. That's advantage, so how's a-- oh, even worse. A nine. That does not hit. She tries to elbow you, but you, having no bones, just noodle your way away. I totally take it as a sign. I go (goofy giggle) and I keep going. I run out the door, but right through her legs, right under her skirt because I am a wee man.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Just a little flirty nothing. I'm sorry, I'm raging. I will elbow that. Okay. Roll for an attack. I'm raging, I can't-- I'm in a frenzy. You can't control yourself. Oh, well. That's advantage, so how's a-- oh, even worse. A nine. That does not hit. She tries to elbow you, but you, having no bones, just noodle your way away. I totally take it as a sign. I go (goofy giggle) and I keep going. I run out the door, but right through her legs, right under her skirt because I am a wee man. Sure. Make an acrobatics check.",Acrobatics
Perception,"But the Lost Boys are children. These are children. They are 11 and 12 years old. Actually, it's going to be Peter's turn next, so you notice something about the boys. Something seems different about them. They were always rough-and-tumble kids, but now they seem deranged. Filthy dirty. Wild hair and eyes with ripped clothing, no shoes to speak of. Some of them are missing teeth. Okay. So where's the closest area that I can get to that has some barrels, a stack of barrels, anything that I can go behind but be fairly close? Let me paint a picture for you. Actually,",Perception
Acrobatics,"and the Hatter, roll dexterity saves. Is that a cricket in the studio? Probably. Yeah! Always good for a sound stage. What'd you get? Eight plus three. 11. 17 plus two is 19. Goldilocks holds on easily to the gangplank and watches as the Hatter slides by her. That's what I get for killing a child! Can I reach out? You needed to hold on for yourself. I'll say you can reach out with your foot and Hatter, you",Acrobatics
Survival,"S.S. Public Domain, you catch the final glimpses of the stern of it as it vanishes beneath the water, sunken. Wow, that means a lot of people died! Debris litters the open ocean, but not a single survivor is visible. You do spot, way in the distance, a small lifeboat carrying a large figure, furiously paddling away from the wreckage. You also notice that the helm of the Jolly Roger is spinning back and forth, pilotless. Your vessel is drifting aimlessly in the water. You have no direction. What would you like to do? I want to go drive it, at the lifeboat. So Peter's going to go up to the helm. Take",Survival
Investigation,"Can I get advantage, since I've probably steered a boat before? Sure, you've stolen-- Advantage, why not? Yeah, that's fine. I don't do it, probably. Well, what did you roll? That is a nine. Sure, man. You straighten out the boat. That's it. You are going straight. I got this. Don't worry, guys. I want to check out the captain's quarters. I walk over to the door to the captain's quarters and I open it. I do a fucking look-around check.",Insight
Survival,"I'll help you help us. It is definitely covered in fecal matter. One fell on the floor. You're doing great as a DM, but stop throwing the puzzle pieces on the ground, okay? Sorry. Also, H, you find a couple of items in there. Oh, sick. Are they guns? I don't know what's wrong with me. You find these two things in the ship. Peter, as you are steering the ship, you notice that if you were to turn about 30 degrees to the right, you might be able to intercept that lifeboat. Oh, I do that.",Survival
Perception,"charisma saving throw, right? Yes, charisma saving throw. I love how I accidentally got rid of half of our players. Sorry, guys! I love puzzles, Sam! This is very important! Wait, wait! Wait what? Does this count, if I can use my Jack of All Trades to add half my proficiency bonus to my ability check? Does that count as an ability check? No, it does not. You cannot add it to a spellcasting ability.",Perception
Insight,"accidentally got rid of half of our players. Sorry, guys! I love puzzles, Sam! This is very important! Wait, wait! Wait what? Does this count, if I can use my Jack of All Trades to add half my proficiency bonus to my ability check? Does that count as an ability check? No, it does not. You cannot add it to a spellcasting ability. I want to roll a perception check on Beast.",Insight
Perception,"""Sorry. I didn't know, I'm sorry."" No no, hey, I hope that really renewed your belief in love. Is that what you were looking for? ""I was, but that did not come anywhere close to renewing."" And then I go, I'm glad. And then I book it. The Beast starts crying again. It did come close, though. ""All right, well, thank you for humoring me, I guess."" Are we still in heaven? Yeah, you're still in the galley. Actually, if you all, everyone in the galley, can you roll a",Insight
Sleight of Hand,"Do you read them a bedtime story? No, I fucking don't. They're begging for it. I sing them a lullaby. They love you. Because you almost murdered one. Right, I feel bad. ""Thank you so much, kind sir! Papa!"" I sneak over to the Scarecrow before I fall asleep. I'm not sure he sleeps. I'm staring at the ocean. I surreptitiously sneak my hands into his canteen of food.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"Because you almost murdered one. Right, I feel bad. ""Thank you so much, kind sir! Papa!"" I sneak over to the Scarecrow before I fall asleep. I'm not sure he sleeps. I'm staring at the ocean. I surreptitiously sneak my hands into his canteen of food. Okay, roll a sleight of hand check. Canteen of food? It's his stomach. It's in his body. Vorps, show her where sleight of hand is. 16 plus... negative one. So 15.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"what are you doing? So we're still the same day, so I can't use my Thunderwave. Fine. I will use my bonus action, which is a Second Wind, so I get 1d10 plus four heal once per day. So I get a plus seven. I'm back to over half of what my life was. Did I have my longsword or not? Did I need to summon it? You can summon it-- well you can't summon it now because you just used your bonus action. I'll use my action surge, which gives me one extra action per day, to summon my longsword, and then I take my longsword and attack. Roll for attack. Can I see if I do hear this?",Stealth
Perception,"difficult to see, but just casting a grey hue on everything. You are definitely on an island. The Beast runs up and says, ""I cannot believe our good fortune, we're here. This is Pleasure Island."" He rolls out a rope ladder and begins climbing down to the beach excitedly. ""It's right up here. Our ""singles' party headquarters, this is where we are going to do the all-night mixer, the limbo party-- ""oh, it would've been so fun-- the fire walk. Inside, there is this amazing hot coal path. To ""prove you're really in love, a couple has to walk across the hot coals and kiss in the center, it's ""very romantic. Come, come."" And he starts dashing up the beach.",Stealth
Survival,"Is this the natural thing that happens in a game this long, or are we just drunk? Hatter's the only one who still sees him disappearing into the forest. I see the Hatter disappearing and I follow him. I'm very fast, so I head off. I don't follow with the group, I head off to the side. You're flanking. I'm flanking. You go into the treeline. It's very dense brush. It's jungly, it's hard to make your way through. You're fast, and you cut through the underbrush as fast as you can. Hatter is still",Survival
Perception,"""Their wedding was really sweet. Anyway, we'll find help inside, my people are in there."" As you get closer an arrow whizzes by Peter Pan's head. Another arrow shoots by the Scarecrow's head and impacts in a tree next to the Queen. The Beast calls up ahead, ""Oh no, hold your fire! These are ""friends."" He turns to you all and says, ""You know what? Wait here at the door. Let me go inside and ""make sure nothing dangerous happens. They weren't expecting us until late today, so they're probably ""on edge. We have new security that we've hired. Let me go in and make sure everything's all ""right."" He disappears into a large wooden door, slams it behind him. What would you like to do?",Investigation
Insight,"closer an arrow whizzes by Peter Pan's head. Another arrow shoots by the Scarecrow's head and impacts in a tree next to the Queen. The Beast calls up ahead, ""Oh no, hold your fire! These are ""friends."" He turns to you all and says, ""You know what? Wait here at the door. Let me go inside and ""make sure nothing dangerous happens. They weren't expecting us until late today, so they're probably ""on edge. We have new security that we've hired. Let me go in and make sure everything's all ""right."" He disappears into a large wooden door, slams it behind him. What would you like to do? Can I roll a perception check on Beast? Insight? Sure.",Perception
Survival,"He doesn't get a saving throw for Detect Thoughts. Oh, you're right! We both did this wrong! Yes! You can definitely sense his surface thoughts. His surface thoughts are, ""I've got to ""go. I've got to get inside and talk to Jack right away."" I would like to probe deeper! We've rolled against that and resolved the roll. You are not able to probe any deeper than that. Right. Okay. Guys?",Survival
Perception,"are rejoined. I'd like to roll-- I'm sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off. No, I'm here! I'd like to roll perception on where the arrows are coming from. The gingerbread house is mostly a one-story building. It is very large. Candy adorns the walls. There are lollipops, beautiful trickling chocolate that has hardened over the side. There are two turrets that have little slits for archers to peek through on both sides of the house. They seemed to have come from those little slits, but you can't see who's in there.",Perception
Perception,"You're knocking on it. It takes some time. You're up there working on it. I'll put you up there for now. That's so cool. You walk in. Where am I? The main hall is dimly lit, shadows streaking across the walls making it hard to identify much. As you get a large, 20-foot long track in the center of the room, red with glowing, blistering embers. It is the hot coal path. Warmth emanates across the room. On the opposite side of the room, over here, these guys over here are ice sculptures. Three ice sculptures. Let's see here, who's closest?",Perception
Perception,"I'm going to cast Charm Person. So he has to make a wisdom saving throw. Great. Let's do it. Against your spell DC of? Against 13. It's 13? Yeah. I don't know why it's so bad. Beast wisdom saving throw. He rolled a 13. What does that mean? He beats it. He beats it. Thank you, Amy. He shakes off the charm. It does not work. I'm so sorry. Oh no. That's okay. Yeah, he has advantage anyway because we're fighting against him. Well, I",Perception
Perception,"of? Against 13. It's 13? Yeah. I don't know why it's so bad. Beast wisdom saving throw. He rolled a 13. What does that mean? He beats it. He beats it. Thank you, Amy. He shakes off the charm. It does not work. I'm so sorry. Oh no. That's okay. Yeah, he has advantage anyway because we're fighting against him. Well, I gave it a shot. Can I make a perception check, too? Sure. As your bonus action, why not? You're",Perception
Acrobatics,"You're going to pour the Philter of Love down the Beast's throat. Yes! While staring into his eyes. Okay. What is the-- did I write down the spell DC? After drinking this, you, meaning the person who partakes of the beverage, become charmed by the first person you see for one hour. If they are a species and gender you are attracted to, you regard it as true love. Oh my god. Guys, she just used love. It just works. The spell just works. I was preparing to",Acrobatics
Perception,"dragon, though, where it was like, this is going well, this is going pretty well-- oh, shit. It's going not well at all. This is very not good. Once again, internet, I think-- everyone's like, well, pretty much everything that could've went wrong did. That pretty much-- That's so not true. So many things that could've gone wrong didn't. We did pretty well, considering. I'm a ground fighter. If I'd been on the ground, I'd probably be goo in shoes. If you guys had not managed to-- the whole mechanic I'd used was if the trap succeeded, based",Perception
Stealth,"ever used a bonus action before when clicking the boots, so we need to change things from here on out. You've never called me on it in 50 games. Right, usually it was the first round that you did it, but it's fine. Okay, then with your permission, I am going to use my-- I am going to throw another dagger. I totally miss and I am going to let it go. It was a one. I am going to step past that wall there, I can do it myself. You can! You can reach out and actually change things as you are. Okay, I'm hasted so I get double speed. As soon as I'm there-- (whispering)",Stealth
Perception,"you did it, but it's fine. Okay, then with your permission, I am going to use my-- I am going to throw another dagger. I totally miss and I am going to let it go. It was a one. I am going to step past that wall there, I can do it myself. You can! You can reach out and actually change things as you are. Okay, I'm hasted so I get double speed. As soon as I'm there-- (whispering) Okay, go ahead and roll a stealth check. (singing) Secrets! Second luck down already. Damn. All right, I need Keyleth and Percy to roll",Stealth
Perception,"we all? You are not helping me by telling me it's there! This is ridiculous. I'm pretty sure you have to be entirely obscured  it's not so much having dim light. I might be wrong, but I don't want them to tell me-- Hiding is poorly explained in the Player's Handbook, honestly. Yeah. It's great. Got it, never mind. Hold on. Instead. Oh. I have a backup idea. Hiding. There it is. You can't hide from a creature that can see you. Can he see in dim light? He can see in dim light. It's not darkness.",Perception
Perception,"that. I'm going to use an action to hide where I am. Gosh, how would this work? I want to hide and then run past here. If I'm stealthed successfully, I'm invisible to Percy by the time I get here, and if I'm past the wall, she's lost sight of me. That's what I think. That's what I'm going to try to do. So what are you trying to do? I'm going stealth. That's great. That is a 32. 32. You move past here. I'm using my bonus action to dash. I'm going to real quiet, tippy-toe in dim light. I'm a 32, still stealthing tippy-toe.",Stealth
Perception,"at health-wise, Keyleth? I'm still an earth elemental. Then I take one step this way, which I think takes me out of her line of sight? Or do I need to go one more? You have to keep going. How about here? Wherever you think you need to be. All right. I'm here and I'm going to use a bonus action and an action and use another action to go stealth. Of your Haste? Okay. Good, real good. 29. Okay. Percy, I need you to roll another",Stealth
Stealth,"marbles out towards the elemental underneath, keep moving so they're all around her feet is the intention. A bunch of various metallic and glass marbles all spill out onto the ground around you. Okay. All right. What are you looking for? There it is. The DMG. It spilled down. There's a marble stat. (chuckles) What else are you doing, buddy? I'm going to use dash on my bonus action, I'm going to move to here, and this'll be up to the whim of the gods. Between this wall and all of this stuff, I want to try to stealth right there.",Stealth
Perception,"threes! So, what I'd like to do, because I didn't even stop moving, is use my bonus action to kinda dive this way and hide here, right on top of Percival's body. Are we allowed to loot the body? I mean, you could. So I'm going to roll for stealth. Being the person who died first last time, I know it sucks. No, I was prepared. At least it wasn't a Finger of Death like five minutes in. All right. Pike, I need you to go ahead and",Perception
Perception,"side. I'm going to throw a regular, non-sneak-attack dagger at Pike. Terrible. As you pull back, you see Vax pop around the corner, throw a dagger, and it streaks off your shield and you knock it out of the way. This is broken, right, this is gone? Yes, you can see through this part of the wall right there. Is this wall here? That wall is still there. Okay, so what I want to do is use my movement to tuck in here, press into the wall, go stealth. That's good, that is 28.",Stealth
Stealth,"This wall's open. I have sharpshooter, so does--? Yeah, so she would have no cover on this. 21? 21, is that your AC? With that, sneak attack damage against Keyleth. Oh god, the pain begins. (counting) 33. 33 points of piercing damage against you, Keyleth. As the dagger hits you in the back of the shoulder, you feel a sharp pain. It's weird being on the opposing end of Vax's daggers. I'm going to dance back, use bonus action to hide.",Stealth
Perception,"It is a blast of energy, but from a styling standpoint, it's a-- So no Uncanny Dodge for that? You can Uncanny Dodge-- no, this is not a spell attack against you, it just happens. So, no, Uncanny Dodge would not help you on this. And it's not a dexterity save, so full hit. 12. Is it also the Guardian of Faith, or no? He already went through that and saved fine. So you take 12 points of radiant damage. At the end of your turn, now it's Keyleth, right? Yeah, it's my turn. First, I want to peer through the wall and see if I see Vax at all.",Athletics
Perception,"Can I do that? You can do that if you wanted to. Making yourself a private room. However, it's a concentration-- no, we made into an instant spell. The concentration made no sense for Wall of Stone for older editions. That being the case, we're looking at-- currently now, stone wall's up here and stone wall's up here. He's in the room with you. Is he in the room with me? I'm going to be really upset if he's in the room with me. You have no idea. All right, does that end you turn, Keyleth? Keyleth, does that end your turn? All right. Pike, you're up.",Perception
Perception,"being the case, we're looking at-- currently now, stone wall's up here and stone wall's up here. He's in the room with you. Is he in the room with me? I'm going to be really upset if he's in the room with me. You have no idea. All right, does that end you turn, Keyleth? Keyleth, does that end your turn? All right. Pike, you're up. Do I make a perception check? Oh, and I tuck back against the wall. Okay, you tuck against the wall. If you want to go ahead and look around, yeah. Is this included in the turn, or will this take away something that I was going to do? Or is",Perception
Perception,"stone wall's up here and stone wall's up here. He's in the room with you. Is he in the room with me? I'm going to be really upset if he's in the room with me. You have no idea. All right, does that end you turn, Keyleth? Keyleth, does that end your turn? All right. Pike, you're up. Do I make a perception check? Oh, and I tuck back against the wall. Okay, you tuck against the wall. If you want to go ahead and look around, yeah. Is this included in the turn, or will this take away something that I was going to do? Or is this just a perception check?",Perception
Perception,"hear a ting! And a blade streaks off the back of your armor. You turn the corner and you see Vax looking there sheepishly. Ooh. And so now I see him. You do. You're no longer hasted. I know, I know. I'm not your friend, buddy. I'm not your buddy, friend. I'm not your friend, pal. Is this out of sight here? Is this a solid wall? Yeah, that would be a solid wall. Okay. I'm going to roll stealth there. That's a 25, so.",Stealth
Perception,"So you can either wait it out or start making a guessing game. But that's the thing, it's the guessing game. I don't have a lot of AOEs at this point. Actually, you know what? I brought Tidal Wave. Where was the last action that I saw? I saw shit go down over here? You didn't see anything. You ducked behind that wall. Okay, so the last thing that I realistically saw was insects and-- Still insects over here, dashes of light over here, yeah. And you saw Pike over here get flamed. Okay, let me peek around the corner. Can",Perception
Perception,"But that's the thing, it's the guessing game. I don't have a lot of AOEs at this point. Actually, you know what? I brought Tidal Wave. Where was the last action that I saw? I saw shit go down over here? You didn't see anything. You ducked behind that wall. Okay, so the last thing that I realistically saw was insects and-- Still insects over here, dashes of light over here, yeah. And you saw Pike over here get flamed. Okay, let me peek around the corner. Can I do a quick perception check to see if I can spot any movement or--",Perception
Perception,"It totally is. If Waldo was a serial killer. (creepy voice) Where am I? I mean, we can't-- I would think a dark reboot of Where's Waldo would do really well. That would be phenomenal. Like a Freddy Krueger Where's Waldo. If you find him, you die. This is rough. All right, that ends Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. He's right behind me, isn't he? Again? Already? Okay, I'm going to peek around my corner. Do I see anybody? Another",Perception
Perception,"If you find him, you die. This is rough. All right, that ends Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. He's right behind me, isn't he? Again? Already? Okay, I'm going to peek around my corner. Do I see anybody? Another perception check. I'm going to peek through my wall of my hole that I've made. This is your action to take your perception, by the way. It's an action? Bonus action, we'll say. 27? What did you roll? 27 to see where the fuck you are.",Stealth
Perception,"attack roll, got it. But there is now a tiny little snake there. All righty. That ends your turn. All right. Keyleth, you're up. Okay, so the walls are coming in. Do I see a floating weapon? No. No? I don't see the floating Sarenrae weapon or anything? Not really, the wall's too high. The walls are about ten feet up. Okay. I am going to-- Okay, I dropped my Sleet Storm. I am now going to come through and come here. Do I see Vax at all? I'm going to do",Athletics
Perception,"But there is now a tiny little snake there. All righty. That ends your turn. All right. Keyleth, you're up. Okay, so the walls are coming in. Do I see a floating weapon? No. No? I don't see the floating Sarenrae weapon or anything? Not really, the wall's too high. The walls are about ten feet up. Okay. I am going to-- Okay, I dropped my Sleet Storm. I am now going to come through and come here. Do I see Vax at all? I'm going to do another perception check.",Athletics
Athletics,"baby, dip. It has no effect if your command is directly harmful to it, so it wouldn't work. Okay, so I'll just shove her back into the lava that's behind her. Hold on, let me take my earrings off. I mean, what can I do at this point? This is going to be interesting. All right, so you move into here. Well, you can probably do it from here, because technically you're both adjacent at this point. Go ahead and you can make a shove as your attack. Yeah, I don't know how to do that. Or I can use my Frostbrand.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"lava that's behind her. Hold on, let me take my earrings off. I mean, what can I do at this point? This is going to be interesting. All right, so you move into here. Well, you can probably do it from here, because technically you're both adjacent at this point. Go ahead and you can make a shove as your attack. Yeah, I don't know how to do that. Or I can use my Frostbrand. Make a strength (athletics) check. Okay. Strength and athletics? Okay, so 16. All right, you can roll either an athletics or an",Athletics
Stealth,"Okay. I wait. I tie mine to a tree, though, so I know where my snack is. You guys do, in the dark, make your way around. Do you want to leave the lanterns lit, or are we going to go in total-- How good is our vision? Well, these two people are quite familiar with the woods and that of nature. I would not mind letting them go first. The woods are a half mile out from the back of the keep. Our lanterns are hooded. We can control the light. We proceed carefully.",Stealth
Investigation,"something before we go in there? The Moonweaver guides me. Could you tell her to guide you a little better? Burn some incense, man, come on. Let's go. Arguing, you eventually make it around back, and you do find the one single small door that is on the back side of the keep. It also can be fired at from above, but no one's doing that. It is also barred from the inside. Barred from the inside? You'd know, because you live here, obviously. Right. Are there any signs of struggle or debris, arrows, staffs?",Investigation
Investigation,"Going to need some light in here. Normally the castle is approximately how many stories? Is this an underground level? This is ground level. There is an underground level, and it is three stories. Three stories, got it. We're on ground level. Do we recognize any of the bodies? Yes, you do. You see one of the cooks, a woman named Estelle. You see the stable master and his eight year old son. You see two of the guards. The others you don't recognize, per se. I will illuminate the room. Look for Father.",Investigation
Perception,"Three stories, got it. We're on ground level. Do we recognize any of the bodies? Yes, you do. You see one of the cooks, a woman named Estelle. You see the stable master and his eight year old son. You see two of the guards. The others you don't recognize, per se. I will illuminate the room. Look for Father. Make an investigation check. No. Can I look at some of the bodies and see if I can discern the method of death? Be it burning or slashing or strangling.",Investigation
Investigation,"the side and they're in a heap, in a mound, in the middle of the room. Break it down. We need to get in. All right. (grunting) Punch the door. I will say that door comes right off the hinges. Even though I rolled a two. To hit it? You rolled a two to hit it? I did. It's plus six, so that's eight? In that case, the door comes right off the hinges, clatters down onto the ground, and you're now standing on top of it. I rush in. I see if there's anyone that I can help, anyone who's still alive.",Investigation
Medicine,"now standing on top of it. I rush in. I see if there's anyone that I can help, anyone who's still alive. Make an investigation check. Ooh, he's got a tower! He's been playing for 30 years. How come none of us ever used a tower in this game? I don't know, but it looks so cool. Now I want one. 18. What did I just say, perception? Investigation. My perception is way better. They seem like they have been dead a while.",Perception
Investigation,"150 feet away, but there is a cart full of vegetables, half unloaded. You can't tell quite what they are from here. I yell to the others what I see on the inside. And I wait. Don't go any further. Wait until we come up with some kind of plan or something, man. It's a cart full of vegetables. What kind of plan do you need? Our father might be in danger. We must move quickly. Does it look like the bodies were dragged into the temple, or does it look like they were murdered inside the temple?",Investigation
Medicine,"I'll pick up a mace and I'll run to the cart on the way. I will say, also as you're running in, you look at it. This mace looks old. As you run up to the cart, you see instant recognition from your youth, from your teen years. One of the farmers that tills the land on Castle Lorelei's grounds is shot full of crossbow bolts, as is his 15-year-old son. They're leaning against each other. It's a cart full of turnips, apples, some cabbage. It looks like someone has started to unload it. Although, it does not look like it pulled up. It looks helter-skelter. They're long dead?",Investigation
Investigation,"goes (creaking). Nice job, human weapon. In here, in the great hall, it's not much, but there clearly has been a fire in the hearth here that is burning down to embers. There is dim light in the grand entryway to your keep. To your home. The first thing that strikes you is a small wooden table and three chairs pulled into the center of the room. There is a smattering of playing cards thrown out across the table. Dad? I walk up the table and swipe up the playing cards. Try to sniff them. See if I smell anybody that we recognize.",Investigation
Perception,"I'm going to run to his closet. This is Dad's room? No. Grand entry hall. Your rooms, the twins' joint room, your room, your room, your room are all upstairs. Your Aunt Kat's room is upstairs. Your father's room, your father's study is upstairs. We've got to go upstairs. You want to be the tip of the spear this time, Larry? Oh, I'm the tip of the spear, you're the human weapon? I'm walking up the stairs. I look around the room. Is there any tracks in the room? Anybody that looks like they might still be hiding in the room?",Perception
Perception,"I look around the room. Is there any tracks in the room? Anybody that looks like they might still be hiding in the room? Oh. Yeah, okay. Make a perception check. While she's doing that, can I ask Aurra if she smells Father in any particular direction? 12. I'm sensing sarcasm from you, brother. I was being genuine! There is a very nice carpet under that table and in front of that fire. You do see wet prints pressed. Wet prints! What does that mean? What? Lucius is ascending the stairs. Would you",Perception
Perception,"You honestly do smell your father. It's not strange for any of you, but especially you. You spend so much time in the woods, not in your human form. And that smell is coming from upstairs. We must proceed upstairs. The smell is getting stronger. I mean, he lives here. Of course you're going to smell him here. Benicio, for christ's sake. Did you say there's a print? Yes. Fresh print from the rain. Human? Human boots. I look up the stairs. I listen as well.",Perception
Investigation,"Portia! You gave up your right when you took up the fucking woods! I mastered The Taming! I stayed at the house! But where is your wisdom?! It's right here! This is mine. I earned this. If you're going to be petty about it, you can have it. Thanks. Where is Father? Is there gore behind the desk, on the walls? Does it look like he was (gagging) killed here or just the hand brought in later?",Investigation
Investigation,"here? Why did they not take it? Agreed. Why is this place not turned upside down? Why is everyone dead, but only one person was in here? Didn't Father-- Did he have a brother? No. He was an only child. Raised by his aunt. Katerine. I run to Aunt Katerine's room. Yeah, okay. You run down the halls. The door on the end, to the left coming up the stairs. Are you going in? Okay. Bust the door open. She has one of those old four-poster beds. It is clear that a scuffle has happened in here. The bed is askew, and there are shredded claw marks in the",Investigation
Insight,"torn up. So personal. One piece of paper has a bit of poo on it in the absolute corner. Oh, they were using it for toilet paper. Someone wiped their arse with one of my books? It is sitting next to a chamber pot, yes, and your-- I did that a lot when we were kids. Did you do this? No, I did not kill our family and go through your shit. Do I believe him?",Insight
History,"I'm not sure if you heard me the first time. Well, sometimes it helps me if I think of the first letter. Should we go down to the crypts, should we try to rescue Father? Yes. Is there anything inside the spike? It was just the blade that they found. Oh, I do share with the blade to the both of them. The smell is familiar. Does anyone else recognize it? Do we recognize it?",History
Stealth,"about our enemy and to see if they lie in wait for us. So we should move stealthily? I should not lead the way. I will go on all fours. Indeed. I'll hang back and allow them, but I'll keep looking. So we're stealthing in? Are you hanging back, Lucius? I hang back a healthy distance while I can still see them because I'm not good at dexterous-- Well how far back are we saying? 15, 20, 30 feet. Whatever is comfortable. So I'll say: everyone, make a straight",Stealth
Stealth,"So we should move stealthily? I should not lead the way. I will go on all fours. Indeed. I'll hang back and allow them, but I'll keep looking. So we're stealthing in? Are you hanging back, Lucius? I hang back a healthy distance while I can still see them because I'm not good at dexterous-- Well how far back are we saying? 15, 20, 30 feet. Whatever is comfortable. So I'll say: everyone, make a straight stealth check.",Stealth
Perception,"I attempt to climb the wall and dislodge a stone in my stealth. So you scrabble up, claw your way up. All fours. Portia strides in regally alongside you. Really?! You're now standing at the very rear side of this stone, small building, not much bigger than the space that we're all in right now, in this studio. You don't hear anything, you don't see anything. What do you want to do here? Does your keen nose sense anything? Can you smell Father? No, but I smell that satchel.",Perception
Perception,"Perception is (counting) Whoa, 23! Thank you. Jesus. Wow. You smell blood. You smell living, breathing human blood. I shuffle closer. Be careful, brother. Right now, you guys do not see much, you're just standing at the back of the building. There's no door or windows? Not back here, no. You know it's on the other side. The exact opposite side of where you are. Let's go around. Do I hear movement?",Perception
Perception,"No. If this were the building right here and I'm you guys initially coming around the side, you would see the light reflecting off of things over there. So it's here, but out of view. There is light directly in front of the building that we cannot see the source. That you can't see the source, right. Flame light? It looks like it, the light is shifting, yeah. Listen. You hear just the gentle crackle of fire. I'm on my legs again just for the record. So we smell smoke?",Perception
Perception,"I'm you guys initially coming around the side, you would see the light reflecting off of things over there. So it's here, but out of view. There is light directly in front of the building that we cannot see the source. That you can't see the source, right. Flame light? It looks like it, the light is shifting, yeah. Listen. You hear just the gentle crackle of fire. I'm on my legs again just for the record. So we smell smoke? Make a perception check at advantage. No,",Perception
Athletics,"you're such a fair play. That guy's dead too. (triumphant laugh) He is ripped apart and you see one of them turning its sword upside down and sawing into the back of his neck. Are they on the other side of the fence, now? Some have climbed over that little wall there. That's right. We won't have long. That's it for them, now Aurra is up. All right, Aurra. I go to launch myself onto the roof.",Athletics
Perception,"shrouded in darkness. Gotcha. You can't even see the L-corner. Wait, you're in? He. Went. He's just crept in behind Laura. Why didn't you go in? I was waiting for everyone. (cooing noise) I don't know, she went to go do-- What would you like to do down there? Does what she's doing, doesn't she? Can I see if I see anyone, smell anyone, hear anyone?",Perception
Intimidation,"We know where everything was. Okay. We can start exploring without Laura. Lawrence-- She'll come out when she's ready. Lawrence is down below, Portia is counting her lucky stars. I'll say, Aurra, you currently are a big, black-and-gray furred beast leaning down on top of this bedraggled ginger thug on top of the mausoleum. She's petrified, and there's just a moment of silence between the two of you as you huff in her face, and you can hear the wind now, moaning low against the walls of the castle in the distance, and through the trees behind you. I said, Who are you? Which comes out in a deep, bassy rumble.",Intimidation
Investigation,"It becomes easier to see, the statue of Genevieve is in three separate pieces on the ground, and as you come up by the light of the coin behind you and your own sword overtaking it, you see two large, black, iron hammers lying on the ground here. You see what you remember as being a very smooth wall of stone ruptured with rubble lying around, and it's not wide, but a crack leading through. This is something you have never seen before. So a dead end no longer. Correct. Whoa. I figured as much. Our road does not end here. Blood on the floor? Any signs of struggle?",Investigation
Perception,"Correct. Whoa. I figured as much. Our road does not end here. Blood on the floor? Any signs of struggle? Make an investigation check. That's 18. You take that blade and spend five minutes, carefully checking that hole as you go, but looking along the ground. You don't see any blood. You don't see signs of anything other than the destruction of the stone in front of you, and the desecration of your family's most hallowed ground. Aurra? Yes, sister? Can you smell him?",Investigation
History,"I just have it like, in my belt. Would you like to see it? Can I see it? Yes, of course. I can read Elven  what does this say? The dagger that was found inside? Message, or something? What was it? Silent message. Kind of like a whisper. Is this an elven blade? Yeah, it's got elven language carved on it-- Well, it has elven language carved on it. Silent message. Does that mean anything to me?",History
Insight,"some point, what lays beyond this Cask of Amontillado-type wall. But it quickly gives way to natural formations, opening into a substantial chamber ahead. It's a cave, and there are two torches at the far end of it, flickering. The cave bisects though, not that far in front of you, and it seems to split. As it opens up, there is a passage on your right. But your eyes are more drawn, very obviously, very clearly, to the far end, where those torches burn. A tumble of stone leads up to a slightly higher ledge  and you see a figure standing there, staring at you all as you enter. Do we recognize him? Her? Them?",Perception
Perception,"Could I transform at this point? You could, yeah. You could go back to werewolf form, you could go to your-- I'm going to go back to werewolf form. Okay. That's your bonus action, so you have action and hasted action. So now you can cast a spell. Okay. Guidance. The dire wolf shrinks up into-- okay, so you use Guidance to cast on yourself. Yep. Perception. Sure. What are you trying to perceive? I mean, we felt her pain, we felt her torture, and I want to know what that means.",Stealth
History,"concentration. It is not. Wow, that's badass. Yeah. (quietly) What? Woo! Moonbeam's concentration but Spiritual is not. Wow. It's like this guy's played before. And-- It is as though. It's like he has color coded sheets. Do I-- (laughter) Do I know anything about drow?",History
Insight,"from this show for playing Vax. This is from @animLae. ""What info did you get from insight ""checking Keyleth?"" Do you remember? I do. I do a little bit, yeah. The DM told me that Keyleth seemed unsure and scared, if I'm remembering right, and feeling cut off from topside. And it might've been the first time-- Like, the twins, all throughout the home game and the beginning of the show, I think our most common shared response to a lot of your decisions was, like-- And it was the first moment where I stopped doing that. Interesting.",Insight
Stealth,"it. I'm Marcus, and my question is to Matt. I've noticed a lot of 18s and 19s failing recently while in, where they are. I'm trying to keep spoilers out. Is that due to levels scaling, or is it due to where they are? It's due to the scaling of the entities that they're working with, and the situation involved. A DC can be set based on how difficult the challenge is. You know, if a person's like, I'm trying to stealth in a shadowy alleyway, that's going to be a pretty low DC, but if I'm going to try and stealth while standing on top of this lighthouse in broad daylight, it'll probably have",Persuasion
Persuasion,"it due to where they are? It's due to the scaling of the entities that they're working with, and the situation involved. A DC can be set based on how difficult the challenge is. You know, if a person's like, I'm trying to stealth in a shadowy alleyway, that's going to be a pretty low DC, but if I'm going to try and stealth while standing on top of this lighthouse in broad daylight, it'll probably have a higher DC to roll a proper stealth check. I can do it. He could probably pull it off. So yeah, I adjust the DC. If a person's trying to convince somebody and they make a really convincing",Persuasion
Stealth,"outside force that was like, ""Yeah, let's relate for a second. Let's go outside and relate. Hey girl, you want to go relate?"" Sure. Go relate and chill. Ripley and Orthax in the dungeon was the moment where I'm like, okay, I finally figured him out. When he was finally having that ""What is happening to me? What is my life? Hold on!"" That was his moment of actually getting some clarity. Cool. Great question. Great costume! Clank clank clank. True disadvantage",Stealth
Stealth,"sample is too small. The sample is too small. Sam and I were tied on natural 20s and only two away from natural ones, which makes me think it's not-- We just-- how we roll You do roll-- well it's the battle rolls, because like-- I roll a twenty three times an attack. Right. So it-- Most of the time we don't even roll to attack. Matt is rolling against us. Against your magic. Right.",Perception
Persuasion,"you're not careful. That's a really tough one. Well, you have to make it in a way where they're comedic, and how ridiculous and over the top they are in their confidence, and still able to buy them a round of drinks, because he's the papa bear who helped save them all. Yeah, and not ruining everything, which is a big one. Good question. Let's see. Hi, Vex. Hi. I have a question for Percy. Did you actually hear what went on when you were getting resurrected? Maybe. (laughter)",Persuasion
Stealth,"time-- That's a way to do it, yeah. Is there anything else I can do to try to help? They're all having fun, I'm having fun, but-- Your hourglass thing that you do every now and then is just the meanest thing on earth. There's always that. The chess clock. Putting a timer and giving people a very limited period of time to succeed or decide is always fun. Doing the initiative order ahead of time is great. Whatever you can do to reduce the amount of rolls everyone has to make, or doing group rolls. Like if they have to do a group",Stealth
Persuasion,"you so much for hanging. We'll see you at the signing. Please don't be pained if we're a little pressed. We have a lot of people we want to get through. We want to make sure everyone gets signed, and we have-- We're so sorry if we go a little faster than normal. We do apologize. We're trying. We'll shake hands. We love you guys. See you in a minute. [light piano music] So I just got back from a Critical Role panel and I asked Taliesin if he had heard everything that people said during his",Persuasion
Perception,"Well, he can do lots of magic, and he can appear out of nowhere. That's cool. That is cool! Were you with anyone when he showed up? No. Do you think he'd want to meet us? Or introduce us, maybe? I can ask him! Yeah! Yeah. I'm really interested in a god that kicks it with people. Yeah. I've never heard of that. Well, Traveler, you heard it yourself! If you like everyone here, you can just show up anytime!",Perception
Perception,"appear out of nowhere. That's cool. That is cool! Were you with anyone when he showed up? No. Do you think he'd want to meet us? Or introduce us, maybe? I can ask him! Yeah! Yeah. I'm really interested in a god that kicks it with people. Yeah. I've never heard of that. Well, Traveler, you heard it yourself! If you like everyone here, you can just show up anytime! Perception check.",Perception
Perception,"I'm right where I want to be. I want a 45-minute walk to get there. Hey, let's do it. You'll walk your buzz off. Let's maybe stock up on some torches on the way there. Nah, we don't need torches, do we? No. Not anymore. No. Not with your nerd goggles. Yeah. Do keep in mind, and this is my fault too for not keeping track of it, but even with darkvision, you're still seeing pretty low light.",Perception
Perception,"Hey guys, we're about two blocks away from the outer wall. We're super close. All right. At the intersection, there are two crownsguard that are stationed there that are keeping eyes and watching around. Off to the eastern side of that intersection, behind one of the poles that contain the lanterns that are lit at night, you can see the cover that leads into the sewer below. It's less of a sewer or manhole cover, but there's an open drain, and a latch and a small metal pole that prevents anyone from going into it. Are there any clowns in it?",Stealth
Perception,"been an issue. So you get yourself down, and it's no more than ten feet to climb to the base of this at the moment. You see from this spot where you've climbed down, the ceiling drops low to about ten or so feet. You're probably about 15 or 20 feet below the surface now. I'll take out my torch. I'll light my torch once I get down there. Your torch lights and the bright space begins to open up from side to side. (yells) Do you see any monsters down there? I look around. (yells back) Everything looks good!",Perception
Investigation,"I keep looking. Keeping watch. Listening. You all eventually down into the sewer grate and then you hear the (metal scraping) (click) and the metal bar up top is closed. He locked us in! No, he just closed it, Jester. It's a trap, we're all going to die. We won't die. What do we think? Go up or down? Up, right? I think a monster would be down. Monsters are down. Can I do a look around to see if there are any types of street marking for the sewers?",Perception
Perception,"Everything's going to be fine, Jester. Shh. Don't spoil it! You guys begin to head southward. It's a very faint decline. You can only tell it's a decline in the sense that if you look right or left you can see the water is trickling in the direction you're traveling. The tunnel continues for about 100 feet or so before it curves slightly to the right and then comes to another set of rungs and another sewer-top access. Were we told that there was some sort of webbing? Yes, that was the only notable element of what you were looking for. I see. Any of that as we go?",Perception
Investigation,"Were we told that there was some sort of webbing? Yes, that was the only notable element of what you were looking for. I see. Any of that as we go? Perception check. I wrote down blockage, webbing, and nest. 19. No sense of webbing, no. Do we see any rats down here? At the moment, you don't see anything moving, no. Any tracks of any sort?",Investigation
Perception,"built-up refuse that have created small masses in the ground where the water is pooling and making its way around. Blockages. Yeah. The curved surface of this area, can we see the ceiling clearly or is it way above us? You can, yeah. And while the floor itself-- the walls gradually come in and become a bit of a level platform and then descend into the ditch where the water is traversing, the ceiling is a continued curvature of it. It's almost like a tube. Any webbing?",Perception
Investigation,"its way around. Blockages. Yeah. The curved surface of this area, can we see the ceiling clearly or is it way above us? You can, yeah. And while the floor itself-- the walls gradually come in and become a bit of a level platform and then descend into the ditch where the water is traversing, the ceiling is a continued curvature of it. It's almost like a tube. Any webbing? Make a perception check. I'm going to look for footprints.",Investigation
Stealth,"distance you can see aren't reacting you your presence. We could set them on fire from a distance. Or just don't disturb them. Yeah, but what if they all spring up. We could just set them on fire. Are we going that way? No, you're going that way. We're going a different way. Okay then, let them live, and die in horrible pain. Yes. (laughs) I'd like you to all roll stealth checks, please.",Stealth
Perception,"Let's set it on fire! You see a large knot, or a-- not a Nott, a knot of webbing as well, that is held aloft a foot off the ground. It's the egg sack. Or a body. Or it could be somebody that's being slowly sucked dry of all their blood. You're totally right. Should we set it on fire, or should we see if it's living? I think we should try to cut it down in case it's a person. Is it wiggling at all?",Investigation
Perception,"Okay, but it's not familiar to me? I mean, it's webbing. There are many creatures in nature that use webbing in different forms and types. Like YouTubers. Yes, there's that too. Glancing at this, the mass that is encased in the webbing is about this big. It's a dog. It's about dog-sized. Or a rat. Is it close enough to us? It's about 20 feet ahead of you. Can we see a past that into any further clumps of webbing?",Investigation
Perception,"move forward if you want to move forward. Well, this is every six seconds so I could just stand here for a minute going (whoosh whoosh whoosh) and not get close. Hey Nott, will you do me a favor and make sure nothing sneaks up behind us? There's things behind us, too? Could be. So I guess I'll take the next 30 or 40 seconds, if that's what it takes. I'll focus on one and just keep burning it away. Okay. I'm going to go 15 feet behind us. Okay, you shift yourself 15 feet behind.",Perception
Investigation,"detach from the weight and the loss of tensile strength and that whole wall shifts and collapses to the ground, both of the bodies hit the ground. The webbing burns away, it's not enough to catch the bodies on fire, though it does singe and burn the exterior and as you look they're both in various states of decay. The skin you can see, as you approach a little bit, Yasha, to take a look, the cheeks within their helmeted heads are sunken and sallow. The lips are curled back over the teeth. They are drained of any internal life force or blood. Can I poke around with the tip of my sword and see if there's any money or something in their pockets?",Investigation
Medicine,"I'll take them. Okay, you being to pull from their bodies, what are the rest of you guys doing? We could take their weapons, I bet they're nice weapons. Or we could return them to the Crownsguard, maybe they would reward us? Do they have a dog tag? Glancing about as you inspect the bodies, there's no identifying tag to them. There isn't an elaborate system of maintaining Crownsguard members or identifying that you've noticed at least. Can I search for puncture marks? Stab wounds? Bite marks?",Medicine
Medicine,"Sure, easy enough to do. What about their weapons? Do they have any? They do. They both are carrying a longsword. They're well kept, not used. You look along the blade and there are barely any signs of indentation. Does it say anywhere ""Property of the Crownsguard?"" No, but they are uniform design. They're not elaborate or ornamental. The Crownsguard weaponry are all pretty much designed or provided by a similar blacksmithy technique so they all feel like they're uniform to a certain degree.",Medicine
Perception,"Ten on the medicine check. That's enough. It's not too hard to see. As you look over each of the two bodies, both of them have heavy puncture marks, either right in the back of the neck on one of them, or the other one has it right under the front of the chin. The puncture marks are about that wide, about two inches across on each side where the skin and flesh has bubbled and pushed away from the side and they go very deep in. So big fangs. Probably fucking pincers. You know (clicking). Yeah. So watch your shit. Caleb stands still for a second and looks around. Do I hear anything?",Investigation
Perception,"some sort of webbing layer around it and all the walls are covered in it. Across the way you can see rungs and the end of this portion of the drainage that leads up into where you can see the wind would be coming through, and that faint bit of wind that's pushing through that's causing all the webs to shift is coming from what you can barely make out to be the faint bits of sunset light peeking through another exit. A sewage exit just like the one that you came in. You also see a number of other figures that are all webbed to the walls and encased within there. All of the ones webbed to the walls are just as emaciated and dead?",Perception
Perception,"Okay. You stay there with the halfling. I might be able to negotiate my way a little further. Is Jester right up with the halfling? No, I'm 20 feet away from it. If you had to ballpark the distance to the halfling or to the very end of it? From you guys all together, it's about 25 feet, 30 feet. Jester is a little bit closer. All clear in the back! I'd forgotten. I am going to join Nott at the back and keep an eye on the rear. No need!",Perception
Perception,"You see nothing in the darkness behind you. Who else is doing what? I am going to walk up to Jester and stand next to her and then I am going to send Schmidt forward to this halfling to try to maybe lift up his, its, I can't tell you. The chin of this halfling. I'm going to also move forward next to Caleb. You move forward next to Caleb as well. You guys are finding your feet sticking to the material of the floor webbing. You approach. You watch as the head of this halfling is pulled away from some of the webbing and lifted up. It is male. Actually, because you're still with Yasha in",Perception
Perception,"next to her and then I am going to send Schmidt forward to this halfling to try to maybe lift up his, its, I can't tell you. The chin of this halfling. I'm going to also move forward next to Caleb. You move forward next to Caleb as well. You guys are finding your feet sticking to the material of the floor webbing. You approach. You watch as the head of this halfling is pulled away from some of the webbing and lifted up. It is male. Actually, because you're still with Yasha in the back, make a perception check both of you. Well if I can't see-- It's low light beyond that so make a",Perception
Perception,"I'm going to also move forward next to Caleb. You move forward next to Caleb as well. You guys are finding your feet sticking to the material of the floor webbing. You approach. You watch as the head of this halfling is pulled away from some of the webbing and lifted up. It is male. Actually, because you're still with Yasha in the back, make a perception check both of you. Well if I can't see-- It's low light beyond that so make a perception check with disadvantage. I've got dope goggles, though. Oh, well okay.",Perception
Athletics,"You can go first. Is there a way I can hop over the web situation? Is it bothering you? Yes! It's been bothering you this whole time? It was bothering me this whole time, too! I meant to fix it in the break. Laura Bailey, the kind of friend that tells you when you have a booger in your nose. I really appreciate it. Can I jump this gap where Molly is and avoid the webbing? You can certainly try. Go ahead and make an",Athletics
Stealth,"attack. Yeah. (counting) 14. Plus Fury of the Small, 17 points. (cheering) As it opens its mouth, the firelight from the torch flickering in, its horrible weirdly shaped spider-like mutated mouth open up where the pincers and the giant fangs are. A bolt sinks into its throat, and it starts shrieking, backing up defensively, the pain causing it to pull away from you. That's a serious amount of damage. Yeah. I scramble away in Caleb's direction, and that cocoon guy there. I'm going to hide right behind him.",Stealth
Insight,"You're safe now! ""Oh god! (panicked breathing)."" He starts looking around, looking up at the faint bit of light now, which it's now just passing sunset. You see a little bit of purple light coming through, and through the little bits of webbing, you can see the grate that leads outside. He goes, ""I don't know how I got here."" You don't know how you got down here? You didn't come to the sewer on your own? ""Well I-- Yeah, I guess."" What were you doing down here? ""Well, I was just trying to get somewhere quickly.""",Insight
Insight,"""Oh god! (panicked breathing)."" He starts looking around, looking up at the faint bit of light now, which it's now just passing sunset. You see a little bit of purple light coming through, and through the little bits of webbing, you can see the grate that leads outside. He goes, ""I don't know how I got here."" You don't know how you got down here? You didn't come to the sewer on your own? ""Well I-- Yeah, I guess."" What were you doing down here? ""Well, I was just trying to get somewhere quickly."" Insight check.",Insight
Investigation,"Before we do that, what's your name, friend? ""Thed."" Ted? ""Thed."" Thed. I thought he said ""dead"". Thed is dead, baby. Thed, where is the key? Which pocket is it in? ""I'll be happy to show you once you cut me free."" I can start digging. I start digging through his pockets.",Investigation
Insight,"I didn't take anything from his pockets. That's what he's saying. (gasp) I just want something in return. You know, you provide a service, get something in return, right? ""What-- if I can be of service, I'd be happy to."" Who's the Gentleman? Ooh. ""I don't know what you're talking about."" Oh, friend. I heard ""Gentleman."" I'm walking over. Oh friend, I don't need to roll an",Insight
Persuasion,"Ooh. ""I don't know what you're talking about."" Oh, friend. I heard ""Gentleman."" I'm walking over. Oh friend, I don't need to roll an insight check to know that's bullshit. ""I apologize, I don't-- I apologize. I don't know what you're talking about."" Wait, was was it? Who's the Gentleman. I'm going to get closer to Thed and say in Thieves' Cant-- Yes! You can trust us. We're one of you.",Persuasion
Investigation,"Anything else interesting in the room, outside of the bodies? Outside of the bodies? It looks like there is broken bits of what would have been furniture or a cart at some time that got discarded or shoved down here from above. Other than that, just the general refuse you've come across down here in the sewer. We do have a spider body to pick. Can I happen to see-- am I able to see the guy with all the tattoos of ships and stuff? Yeah, you see him. Oh, cool. Do I recognize any of the names of ships, or any imagery?",Investigation
Investigation,"(laughter) (sings) Continuity. Roll for continuity. Beau turns to Nott. Hey girl. Yeah. That little code you were talking. (clicks tongue) See any of that written around these walls, or something that looks similar to it? I can look around. Thieves' Cant is a written or spoken thing? Both. It's almost universally spoken, and as a language it's used for extended ciphers. Make an",Investigation
Insight,"wall. There is a very, very faint scratch into it that says, although not referring directly to yours, it says ""Money pot."" Money pot? Yes. (whispers) Money pot? (louder) It says, ""Money pot!"" Which catches you off-guard, because you're like, ""That's one of our--"" That's one of our one-shots! What, what? That's one of our things, but that's not-- it can't-- it's not us. We weren't down here before, were we?",Insight
Deception,"advice from when it comes to administrating my people."" Don't punch him, don't, no. No, he's got a fair point. I'll give him that. You don't look like an administrator, I mean, that's actually almost a compliment. You know, yeah, it's fair. ""I'm impressed, I will go ahead and retrieve your payments to the Mighty Seven."" Nein. We lost two in the sewers. (laughter) ""I'm sorry to hear that, that's terrible."" Extra pay would soften the blow.",Deception
Stealth,"I was under the assumption that you had to be de Rolo level to have a bath in your house. In your house. They have one washroom for the multitude of rooms the entire tavern has, and the water is changed every few hours, maybe. That's what I'm saying. But it's functional. That's why we should have gone to Pumat Sol's. That's why people have bathhouses, to clean up. When Fjord's taking a bath, I'm going to go through his stuff and try to find his letter. His letter? The letter for the Solstryce Academy.",Stealth
Perception,"clean up. When Fjord's taking a bath, I'm going to go through his stuff and try to find his letter. His letter? The letter for the Solstryce Academy. Okay. Go ahead and make a stealth check. Not good. 15. 15? Would you have taken your stuff in with you? Or would I still be in the room? Molly would probably still be in the room. I got to stealth past Molly, or get him out of the room.",Perception
Acrobatics,Freeing yourself from grapples and the like,Investigation
Acrobatics,Squeezing through tight spaces without losing movement,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Balancing on thin/fragile surfaces without falling,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Landing on your feet after a fall,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"Ignoring falling damage, such as falling from a cart",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Tumbling,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Moving on a Narrow Surface,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Charging or Running on a Difficult Surface,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Moving through Trees,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Moving Along an Unstable Surface,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Moving Shipboard,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Escape from Restraint,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,Reduce Damage from a Fall,Acrobatics
Animal Handling,Handle an Animal,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Push an Animal,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Rear a Wild Animal,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Calm an Animal,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Teach an Animal a Trick,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Train an Animal for a Purpose,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Ride,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Guide with Knees,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Stay in Saddle,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Use Mount as Cover,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Soft Fall,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Spur Mount,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Control Mount in Battle,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Leap,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Fast Mount or Dismount,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Calm an Animal,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,Swim a Mount,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"Can calm down a domesticated animal, keep a mount from getting spooked, or intuit an animal's intentions, the GM might call for a Wisdom (Animal Handling) check. You also make a Wisdom (Animal Handling) check to control your mount when you attempt a risky maneuver.",Animal Handling
Stealth,Hiding,Stealth
Stealth,Moving without being heard,Stealth
Stealth,Mingling in a crowd,Stealth
Stealth,Following someone,Stealth
Stealth,Avoid Being Seen,Insight
Stealth,Sniping,Persuasion
Stealth,Blend into a Crowd,Stealth
Stealth,Move between Cover,Stealth
Stealth,Tailing Someone,Persuasion
Stealth,Move Silently,Stealth
Survival,Tracking,Survival
Survival,Foraging food,Survival
Survival,Hunting wild game,Survival
Survival,Protecting yourself from weather/terrain hazards such as sunburn and mosquitoes,Survival
Survival,Finding water,Survival
Survival,Knowing which way is north,Survival
Survival,Avoid getting lost,Survival
Survival,Making a decent campsite in extreme conditions,Survival
Survival,Setting a Course,Survival
Survival,Finding Resources,Survival
Survival,Determine Time until Spoilage,Survival
Survival,Surviving in the Wild,Survival
Survival,Making Camp,Survival
Survival,Trailblazing,Survival
Survival,Locate North,Survival
Survival,Creating a Trail Sign,Survival
Survival,Finding a Trail Sign,Survival
Survival,Reading a Trail Sign,Survival
Survival,Finding Parts for a Booby Trap,Survival
Survival,Harvest Poisonmaking Materials,Survival
Survival,"Follow tracks, hunt wild game, guide your group through frozen wastelands, identify signs that owlbears live nearby, predict the weather, or avoid quicksand and other natural hazards.",Survival
Religion,"Recalling lore about deities, temples and rituals",Religion
Religion,Performing a ritual according to specification,Religion
Religion,Knowing what would be offensive to a certain faith,Religion
Religion,Know about Religion,Religion
Religion,Know about Undead,Religion
Religion,Find Your Way around Church,Religion
Religion,"Recall lore about deities, rites and prayers, religious hierarchies, holy symbols, and the practices of secret cults.ecall lore about deities, rites and prayers, religious hierarchies, holy symbols, and the practices of secret cults.",Religion
Sleight of Hand,Stealing from people without being noticed,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Juggling,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Putting something on someone without being noticed,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Picking a weapon from the air,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Concealing belongings in yourself,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Performing gestures or messages without being noticed,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Palm Object,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Conceal Object,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Steal Object,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,Tie a Knot,Sleight of Hand
Performance,Singing,Performance
Performance,Dancing,Performance
Performance,Telling stories,Performance
Performance,Delivering a good speech,Performance
Performance,Impersonate,Performance
Performance,Put on a Gladiatorial Performance,Performance
Performance,Put on a Show,Persuasion
Performance,"Delight an audience with music, dance, acting, storytelling, or some other form of entertainment.",Performance
Persuasion,Convincing someone to do what you want,Persuasion
Persuasion,Debating,Persuasion
Persuasion,Knowing how to behave in a given social setting,Persuasion
Persuasion,Flattering someone,Persuasion
Persuasion,Seducing someone,Persuasion
Persuasion,Change Attitude,Persuasion
Persuasion,Mediate,Persuasion
Persuasion,Haggle,Persuasion
Persuasion,Direct a Crowd,Intimidation
Persuasion,Find Your Way around Court,Persuasion
Persuasion,"Foster friendships, make cordial requests, or exhibit proper etiquette. Examples of persuading others include convincing a chamberlain to let your party see the king, negotiating peace between warring tribes, or inspiring a crowd of townsfolk.",Persuasion
Nature,"Recalling lore about beasts, plants, terrain, types of vegetation and weather",Nature
Nature,Knowing what plants are needed to make certain compounds/potions,Nature
Nature,Identifying poisonous/dangerous food,Nature
Nature,Harvesting poisons from plants/beasts,Nature
Nature,Detecting strange weather changes,Nature
Nature,Know about Geography,Nature
Nature,Know about Nature,Nature
Nature,"Know about Animals, Fey, Giants, Monstrous Humanoids, Plants and Vermin",Nature
Nature,"Recall lore about terrain, plants and animals, the weather, and natural cycles.",Nature
Perception,Spotting/hearing hidden threats,Perception
Perception,Recognizing someone who's far away,Perception
Perception,Finding minute details,Survival
Perception,Identifying a noise's source,Investigation
Perception,Hear a Sound,Perception
Perception,Eavesdrop,Persuasion
Perception,Observe Creature,Perception
Perception,Read Lips,Perception
Perception,Spotting,Persuasion
Perception,"Spot, hear, or otherwise detect the presence of something. It measures your general awareness of your surroundings and the keenness of your senses. For example, you might try to hear a conversation through a closed door, eavesdrop under an open window, or hear monsters moving stealthily in the forest. Or you might try to spot things that are obscured or easy to miss, whether they are orcs lying in ambush on a road, thugs hiding in the shadows of an alley, or candlelight under a closed secret door.",Stealth
Investigation,Searching someone or an area,Investigation
Investigation,Seeing through illusions,Investigation
Investigation,Finding more about rumors,Investigation
Investigation,Locating someone in an urban environment,Investigation
Investigation,Searching for specific information in books/libraries,Investigation
Investigation,Search an Area,Investigation
Investigation,Frisk a Person,Investigation
Investigation,Determine an Object’s Function,Insight
Investigation,Finding a Trail Sign,Survival
Medicine,Stabilizing someone,Medicine
Medicine,Noticing a certain disease in someome,Medicine
Medicine,Providing long-term treatment,Medicine
Medicine,Knowing the body's limits related to a certain physical activity,Medicine
Medicine,Knowing the dosages and uses for natural healing items,Medicine
Medicine,"Dissecting a body, or removing something from it",Medicine
Medicine,First Aid,Medicine
Medicine,Long-Term Care,Medicine
Medicine,Treat Movement Injury,Medicine
Medicine,Treat Disease,Medicine
Medicine,Treat Poison,Medicine
Medicine,Determine Cause of Death,Medicine
Medicine,Estabilize a dying companion or diagnose an illness.,Medicine
Insight,Identifying whether someone is being deceitful or evasive in answering,Insight
Insight,Noticing what a person plans by what they're doing,Insight
Insight,Telling if someone is following you rather than just going in the same direction,Insight
Insight,Perceiving if someone is being mentally dominated,Persuasion
Insight,Getting the meaning of underlying messages,Insight
Insight,Avoid being Bluffed,Insight
Insight,Hunch,Insight
Insight,Sense Enchantment,Insight
Insight,Discern Secret Message,Insight
Insight,Assess Opponent,Insight
Insight,Penetrate Disguise,Insight
Insight,"Determine the true intentions of a creature, such as when searching out a lie or predicting someone's next move. Doing so involves gleaning clues from body language, speech habits, and changes in mannerisms.",Insight
Intimidation,Intimidating (duh) someone into doing what you want,Intimidation
Intimidation,Torturing someone,Intimidation
Intimidation,Taunting someone into violence,Intimidation
Intimidation,Change Attitude,Persuasion
Intimidation,Demoralize Opponent,Intimidation
Intimidation,Direct a Crowd,Intimidation
Intimidation,"Pry information out of a prisoner, convincing street thugs to back down from a confrontation, or using the edge of a broken bottle to convince a sneering vizier to reconsider a decision. pry information out of a prisoner, convincing street thugs to back down from a confrontation, or using the edge of a broken bottle to convince a sneering vizier to reconsider a decision.",Intimidation
Deception,Lying (duh),Deception
Deception,Fake crying,Deception
Deception,Disguise emotions (such as pretending to like seeing a man tortured),Deception
Deception,Playing dead,Deception
Deception,Passing yourself for someone else,Deception
Deception,Being cool' if seen while following someone,Deception
Deception,Fast Talking or Misdirection,Deception
Deception,Feinting in Combat,Deception
Deception,Create a Diversion in Order to Hide,Deception
Deception,Appear Innocuous,Deception
Deception,Delivering a Secret Message,Deception
Deception,Heckle,Persuasion
Deception,"Hide the truth, either verbally or through your actions. This deception can encompass everything from misleading others through ambiguity to telling outright lies. Typical situations include trying to fast-talk a guard, con a merchant, earn money through gambling, pass yourself off in a disguise, dull someone's suspicions with false assurances, or maintain a straight face while telling a blatant lie.",Insight
History,"Recalling lore about families, events, places and heraldry",History
History,Remembering anniversaries of important happenings,History
History,Telling when/where a certain item was made,History
History,Noticing a person's origins based on their looks or customs,History
History,Know about History,History
History,Deducing a Command Word,History
History,Know about the Nearby Area,History
History,Know about Local Humanoids,History
History,Interpret Tribal Tattoos,History
History,Know about Nobility and Royalty,History
History,"Recall lore about historical events, legendary people, ancient kingdoms, past disputes, recent wars, and lost civilizations.",History
Arcana,Recall lore about magic items and spells,Arcana
Arcana,"Recognizing the functions of magic accessories, such as a wizard's spellbook or a warlock's tome",Arcana
Arcana,Identifying a spell in a scroll/book,Arcana
Arcana,"Controlling a wild magic item/effect, such as a Sphere of Annihilation",Arcana
Arcana,Disarming magic traps,Arcana
Arcana,Understanding properties of spells cast by others,Arcana
Arcana,Identifying spells being cast,Arcana
Arcana,Know about Arcana,Arcana
Arcana,"Know about Constructs, Dragons, or Magical Beasts",Arcana
Arcana,Deducing a Command Word,History
Arcana,Know about the Planes,Arcana
Arcana,Know about Elementals & Outsiders,Arcana
Arcana,Identify Magic Effect,Arcana
Arcana,"Recall lore about spells, magic items, eldritch symbols, magical traditions, the planes of existence, and the inhabitants of those planes.",Arcana
Athletics,Shoving creatures,Athletics
Athletics,Grappling creatures,Athletics
Athletics,"Going through rough terrain, such as stairs, without losing movement",Athletics
Athletics,Jumping a certain height/distance,Athletics
Athletics,Swimming in rough currents/in heavy armor,Athletics
Athletics,Acting in mid-air,Perception
Athletics,Climb Wall or Cliff,Athletics
Athletics,Create Handholds,Athletics
Athletics,Climb Tree,Athletics
Athletics,Rapelling,Persuasion
Athletics,Hop Up,Acrobatics
Athletics,Jump Down,Athletics
Athletics,Long Jump,Athletics
Athletics,High Jump,Athletics
Athletics,Swimming High Jump,Athletics
Athletics,Swim,Athletics
Athletics,Dive,Athletics
Athletics,Grapple,Athletics
Athletics,Disarming,Athletics
Athletics,Trip,Athletics
Athletics,"You attempt to climb a sheer or slippery cliff, avoid hazards while scaling a wall, or cling to a surface while something is trying to knock you off.",Athletics
Athletics,You try to jump an unusually long distance or pull off a stunt midjump.,Athletics
Athletics,"You struggle to swim or stay afloat in treacherous currents, storm-­‐‑tossed waves, or areas of thick seaweed. Or another creature tries to push or pull you underwater or otherwise interfere with your swimming.",Athletics
Perception,"going weekly for the rest of the experimental arcs [ Woohoo!] starting this week. So, um, I guess actually we have an episode— I hope we don’t screw it up!",Perception
Performance,"by, like, logic, you know what I mean? So I can’t be like, “I wanna Help Out by…” [inhaling sharply through teeth] Ssssssssssssss... Ooooh, logic. “...pulling the sun down.” Yeah.",Perception
Investigation,"success, you open yourself up to repercussions. To, like, the same reper— so you can help out, yeah, but you are also exposing yourself to danger, which is real smart.",Investigation
Insight,"success, you open yourself up to repercussions. To, like, the same reper— so you can help out, yeah, but you are also exposing yourself to danger, which is real smart.",Investigation
Perception,"play in the NFL!” and he was like “No.” There’s some really- we haven’t— I really like this idea of a Chosen that’s just like [crosstalk] “No, no thank you!”",Insight
Medicine,"you are dealing with the consequences of your own spellcasting. That’s definitely this. Um. Yeah so- but if it’s Weird, I rolled an eight plus two so it’s a 10.",Medicine
Perception,"booze in a Arnold Palmer. I mean, sometimes there is. Arnold Palmer loves to party. [ and laugh] That's true, yeah. [chuckles] Sometimes there is booze in an Arnold. [Laughter]",Insight
Stealth,"no. Yeah, so go ahead and mark experience. Yes, but don't you see? I don't want to have failed. [crosstalk] Did you think about it that way? [crosstalk] Mmm, interesting.",Insight
Athletics,"he’s kind of leaning backwards, shooting at the snake along the length of its watery body, and basically heading towards one of the big water slides, just away from them.",Athletics
Medicine,"I just think it’s information we need. ’s gonna Investigate a Mystery. Ok. And… Roll plus Sharp. [ rolls] That’s very bad. [quietly] Shit. You did a bad job, Dad.",Medicine
Stealth,"trying to wait this thing out-- Yeah, I think hiding is a wonderful choice; this is the choice to make. Is there a Hide Under Pressure? [laughing] Hide Under Bed?",Stealth
Athletics,"Yeah, I love it. Mark Luck, and you have spent one Luck. Hey, and I wanna do a cool line. Yeah, yeah, do a cool line. Aubrey Fuego, ya bastard!",Perception
Athletics,"Just another one of the many services we offer from the Forestry Service. Swimmer Is clothes— Oh! Okay, I’m going, I’m going, I’m going! Duck Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!",Athletics
Medicine,"rites of Omec, and you and your companions, that’s you guys, can expect to receive free healing and care at a temple, shrine, or other established presence of Omec’s faith.",Medicine
History,"impotent rage. No, he wants, uh - And a two minute song. He was thinking more along the lines of slaying, protecting, guidance - Ah. Got it. Adventuring, essentially. Excellent.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"offered you a - 10 gold pieces apiece. and Each? Each, yes. Nice. Which, um, I mean, I'm not your boss, but that's not a lot of money. But hey-",Intimidation
Perception,"on the coast. You've taken the off-ramp, uh, that will lead you to Phandalin, and things definitely are not as well maintained. Lot of potholes. Don't worry, I got this.",Insight
Perception,"Merle? [dice rolling] Pshew. Wow. Uh... 6. And what'd you get, ? I got a crit 20, so that’s 23? 23. Okay. You see the shit out of everything. Mhm.",Perception
Perception,"to a stop, about two-hundred feet out- And I motion silently, to get the attention of Merle and Taako, and kinda pull them up towards the front of the wagon.",Athletics
Perception,"is where, who's fighting whom... so yeah, you can take a movement, up to your speed, you can- Do I have to take a movement? You do not, no. Okay.",Athletics
Insight,"using an object, like, maneuvering a complicated, like, device? That will take an action. It’s kinda up to my discretion what does and doesn’t take up an action. Okay, I-",Insight
Perception,"forty feet out. Okay, now, question. Yeah. Do I see the one in the brush? … Um… You actually do not? is the one who spotted him. Oh okay. Um-",Perception
Athletics,"probably about fifteen to twenty feet away from you, he’s not right next to the wagon so that’s a, that’s a- Well, Magnus has a vertical leap of eighteen feet.",Athletics
Investigation,"just barely, you throw it into the woods, you can’t exactly see- you see like a, branches rustling, and you throw your axe in that direction and you hear, Gerblin",Perception
Perception,"just barely, you throw it into the woods, you can’t exactly see- you see like a, branches rustling, and you throw your axe in that direction and you hear, Gerblin",Perception
Perception,"just barely, you throw it into the woods, you can’t exactly see- you see like a, branches rustling, and you throw your axe in that direction and you hear, Gerblin",Perception
Stealth,"just barely, you throw it into the woods, you can’t exactly see- you see like a, branches rustling, and you throw your axe in that direction and you hear, Gerblin",Perception
Perception,"we’re here. A wave of bats- Taako Excellent. -comes pouring out. A wave of gas? Bats. Bats. Bats. Bats. Baseball bats. Do the bats have gas? They definitely do, yeah.",Persuasion
Perception,"draw closer to them, they seem more agitated. Couple of them are snarling at you now. Uh, they are- But there’s nothing else in the room other than these wolves?",Perception
Perception,"‘so there’s some wolves down there, it doesn’t seem like it’s worth it, let’s keep going.’ Taako Excellent, well, I trust your judgement. Okay, I’m into that. Off we go.",Perception
Athletics,"can- Alright, I will climb - I, I will climb. What do I need to do? Uh, you will make a- I’m gonna try to climb up, to the overpass.",Athletics
Athletics,"the bridge is relatively rickety, it’s of gerblin, uh, construction, so it’s not amazing, but it looks like it’ll hold your weight. Okay. So I roll a 20 sided die?",Athletics
Athletics,"it looks like it’ll hold your weight. Okay. So I roll a 20 sided die? You roll a 20 sided die, and you add your, uh, your Athletics. [dice roll]",Athletics
Athletics,does that sound funny? [talking at the same time as ] Because of the character! [talking at the same time as ] Because of the racism? [laughter] There’s no racism!,Persuasion
Stealth,"- Taako Yeah, I'll be - It'll be better by myself. [talking over Taako] Well yeah, because if we're trying to be stealthy, it's always better to have smaller numbers.",Stealth
Stealth,"- Taako Yeah, I'll be - It'll be better by myself. [talking over Taako] Well yeah, because if we're trying to be stealthy, it's always better to have smaller numbers.",Stealth
Perception,"- Taako Yeah, I'll be - It'll be better by myself. [talking over Taako] Well yeah, because if we're trying to be stealthy, it's always better to have smaller numbers.",Stealth
Stealth,"character that you don't know is there, but Taako does. Okay. Gotcha. I'll wave them over. Okay. They are going to, uh - [talking over ] We're not so stealthy!",Stealth
Animal Handling,"than McElroy. Is it my turn yet? Uh, it is Magnus's turn. We're to the top of the order now. Can you ask him to call off the wolves? [pause]",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"off the wolves? [pause] Can I roll a quick Animal Handling check to see if there's any possibility of like, controlling the wol - like, [chuckling] befriending my animal friends?",Animal Handling
Intimidation,"shouldn't say the sentence out loud, “Yahweh is dead.” [laughter] [muffled] Now hold on - [talking over ] Just for future reference, we should avoid saying that sentence out loud.",Intimidation
Intimidation,"Uh, here's some flavor. You killed him and you didn't even think twice about it. You just did it, impulsively. You murdered another gerblin. You're - you're deeply broken inside.",Intimidation
Animal Handling,"upset, but the - Merle [babytalking] Aww, come here Ruby! Come here - Uh, she bites all of your hand off. [ laughing] Oh, that’s alright, I don’t care -",Animal Handling
Perception,"on Saturday Night Live. I would like to - can we - That show hasn’t been invented yet. Oh. Or, has it already happened? Oh shit, future - future fantasy.",Perception
Sleight of Hand,on him a pair of - I do it covertly so the other guys don’t see. [laughing] Okay. Make a st - make a stealth - Hey! That’s my cousin!,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"culture, it’s a blessing that we do for the dead, (laughter) that we help to - I’d like to roll against this roll-- Help to usher them into the next...world.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"culture, it’s a blessing that we do for the dead, (laughter) that we help to - I’d like to roll against this roll-- Help to usher them into the next...world.",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"[ sighs in relief] When Merle’s not looking. [laughing] Mmkay. Make a sleight of - [laughing] Just like, slip it - wooop - Merle Hey guys, what’s - whatcha doin’?",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"slip it - wooop - Merle Hey guys, what’s - whatcha doin’? [laughing] Make another sleight of hand check for me. Merle Gosh, what - what’s goin’ on over there?",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"slip it - wooop - Merle Hey guys, what’s - whatcha doin’? [laughing] Make another sleight of hand check for me. Merle Gosh, what - what’s goin’ on over there?",Sleight of Hand
Athletics,"say it’s about twenty feet down. And then at the bottom of the pit, uh, is a tunnel leading into the cave. Let’s go in the pit! Let’s pit it!",Athletics
Athletics,"jump down. Okay, cool. I just did that thing - you could do that thing I did. Well, my athletics is higher. If I can get down there first -",Athletics
Nature,"spring. Do any of you have a nature skill? Could you check out those mushrooms, see if you know anything about them? & Hmm…. Uh, yes, I’m +3 for nature!",Nature
Nature,"out those mushrooms, see if you know anything about them? & Hmm…. Uh, yes, I’m +3 for nature! Okay. You can make a nature check if you want. Uh. Taako",Nature
Nature,"about them? & Hmm…. Uh, yes, I’m +3 for nature! Okay. You can make a nature check if you want. Uh. Taako I’d like to make a nature check. Mmkay.",Nature
Perception,"passive is, uhh… Mine’s 3. No, your passive perception would be...I think it’s ten - ten plus your - your perception modifier. Then mine’s thirteen. Thirteen. ? Mine is nine.",Perception
Perception,"you just sort of hear the sound of... of gooshing above you. Well, another successful battle. [laughter] Uhh.. Actually, you’re still in order! Uh, next in the order is Taako.",Perception
Nature,"to gather up... the fungus for future use? Uh, if you wanna try and, and pick some of the fungus I’ll-- No, it’s the poison! Hold on Magnus Merle -",Nature
Nature,"of the fungus I’ll-- No, it’s the poison! Hold on Magnus Merle - I’ll let you do it with a nature check if you want. What’s an age check? Nature.",Nature
Nature,"fungus I’ll-- No, it’s the poison! Hold on Magnus Merle - I’ll let you do it with a nature check if you want. What’s an age check? Nature. Nature check.",Nature
Perception,"- it is, uh, decidedly, uh, taken care of. [ triumphantly laughs] Kudos all around, gentlemen. Yeah that was a - that was a very quick uh, quick grinder battle.",Investigation
Perception,"grinder battle. But, uh, I wanna make a perception check - The orc woman leans back in to go “I was like - Oh, shit.” Orc Woman Oh shit, okay.",Perception
Perception,"grinder battle. But, uh, I wanna make a perception check - The orc woman leans back in to go “I was like - Oh, shit.” Orc Woman Oh shit, okay.",Perception
Persuasion,"uh, what’s your Christian name? What, what were you, your born name - I, uh - Black Spider sounds formal. Black Spider It’s not very serious, is it? [ chuckles]",Persuasion
Persuasion,"uh, what’s your Christian name? What, what were you, your born name - I, uh - Black Spider sounds formal. Black Spider It’s not very serious, is it? [ chuckles]",Persuasion
Persuasion,"sounds formal. Black Spider It’s not very serious, is it? [ chuckles] Uh, ‘kay, do you have a, uh, check - a Persuasion check, a, uh, do a Persuasion check.",Persuasion
Acrobatics,"door I guess. Uh, so is the spider up now or am I up now? Uh, sorry… uh, yeah, it’s Magnus. Great. I’m gonna jump on the, uh, spider’s back.",Acrobatics
Perception,"leads you through these giant, uh, uh, open iron-wrought doors which opens up into a large chamber where - where uh, uh - Renee the jackhammer-bot was being stored. Mhm.",Investigation
Arcana,figured out that it’s just - just kind of a robe. Okay. Is there any kind of like sense magic or something that wizards can do? I have sense magic.,Arcana
Arcana,"- There’s a spell, there’s a - I have a detect magic spell but I don’t really wanna do it, because I think I would have gotten a five -",Arcana
Arcana,"detect magic spell but I don’t really wanna do it, because I think I would have gotten a five - You up-up-up!-also have an arcana check that you can make.",Arcana
Arcana,"- oh my. Probably pretty good. [Short pause] Uhh, I got a 1, so I don’t know if it’s - I try to eat it, but I can’t. [chuckles] Okay.",Arcana
Arcana,"it. I got a 2. [laughter] What’s your plusses? None of you can quite, uh, none of you can quite figure this out. Wait, I’m gonna roll now. Hold on.",Arcana
Perception,Once you’ve found your voice you can bring it to the table but this is - this is not workshop time. Do I see anything else in the room? No.,Perception
Intimidation,"a minute. And I’m going to yell; Merle There’s only four of ‘em! Platoon… One, attack from the east! Platoon Two, attack from the west! Which echoes, down the hill.",Intimidation
Intimidation,"[Rolls] Yup! You said an intelligence check? They’re making an intelligence check to combat your intimidation. Yeah your intimidation. Oh, okay. Cause you’re lying to them essentially. Uhh, 9. Okay.",Insight
Perception,"intact. Oh, I guess we’ll - I’ll - let’s head into the bar, see what’s going on. You walk towards the door of the bar, and, um, a familiar -",Perception
Perception,"the bar, see what’s going on. You walk towards the door of the bar, and, um, a familiar - Wait, wait, wait, what do I see in there? Perception check.",Perception
Perception,"the sound, um. You hear this sound, actually - [imitating the sound of an arrow flying to its target and hitting] sssssssshheew-THUNK. Taako Oh no. I know what that is.",Perception
Arcana,"get everybody up out of the well. Including Killian, that’s a group effort, pulling her up, she’s a - she’s a - I mean she’s a big orc woman. Um.",Arcana
Perception,"it looks like. A feather duster. Well, no. It’s an enchanted feather duster that, uh, is imbued with charges of the spell Slow Fall. Okay, great. It’s a very specific--",Arcana
Arcana,Sense Mechanism. You don’t have that. No I don’t. [ and laugh] You don’t have - I use my cheating playing cards to cheat the game and cast Sense Mechanism.,Insight
Arcana,"her and on ourselves. Why do you think that she’s learning stuff from that? Well because she’s able - she knows about the gauntlet, but can’t tell us about it.",Arcana
Arcana,"to Taako and I say, Merle It’ll be alright, come on. Taako I’m scared. Merle Let’s get in the big glass ball. Taako Okay. Merle ‘Kay. It’ll be fun! Taako",Athletics
Investigation,"as we can tell, is this moon— is the place we’re in, like, a façade? Or is it where we would have thought the other moon would have been? Like--",Investigation
Perception,"uh, struggling to get his footing like the two of you are. He’s- he doesn’t seem to be dizzy. He seems… fine. Magnus Guys. It’s all clear. I remember everything.",Deception
Investigation,"that was at the, uh, you know, that caused all that bad, bad shit to happen— That was what they were referring to as the- the Phoenix Fire Gauntlet. Mhm.",Investigation
Arcana,"like— I might- I might have you guys do, like an investigation check if you want to like, try and deduce what the hell just happened to you. {5054} Okay.",Arcana
Nature,"Uh, yeah, sure! If you want. Assuming that was magical? Yeah. I- I mean, actually it would be more of a, uh— is there like a— Well, I wouldn’t know.",Nature
Nature,"it would be more of a, uh— is there like a— Well, I wouldn’t know. A nature- a nature check? To try and discern what kind of animal this is?",Nature
Investigation,"and unguents, and formulas and stuff like that. So it wasn’t that, and it wasn’t... whatever this was, you get the impression that it wasn’t... magical. No magic here. Hmm.",Investigation
Investigation,"it wasn’t... whatever this was, you get the impression that it wasn’t... magical. No magic here. Hmm. Alright, well I got a seventeen investigation check, is what I was rolling.",Investigation
Perception,"a roll of parchment, and you hear Johann yell out Johann Uh, come on in, let’s, uh, let’s get this over with. I hate— This is my least favorite part.",Perception
Sleight of Hand,"away. Okay. Yeah, alright. Uh. [laughter] So what you’re gonna have to do is make-- So you’re frisking him is what you’re doing. I’m frisking him. “Don’t mind me, sir.”",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"very interesting item! This is called the True Heart Clasp. Uh, you wear it on your ear, and it uh, aids you in knowing a person’s true intentions. Merle Ooh!",Insight
Insight,"very interesting item! This is called the True Heart Clasp. Uh, you wear it on your ear, and it uh, aids you in knowing a person’s true intentions. Merle Ooh!",Insight
Insight,"left. Taako To the right? Merle [whispering] To the left! Leon Yes, to the right. Yes. Now, we’re doing the- we’re doing the goddamn Cupid Shuffle now, so go ahead--",Insight
Deception,"what I’m looking at my--I have been writing it all down. Um, no… Are you sure-- are you a hundred percent sure? No, I bluffed. [ laughs] Okay. [ laughs]",Perception
Perception,"train, right? Yes. Um, yeah. Okay. Taako I don’t have a--none of my spells sort of leap to mind that would be, uh, helpful to us. Um-- Your uh-- Taako",Arcana
Perception,"Tasha’s hideous laughter, nothing. You guys have any, like, spells, or [stuttering] abilities? Can I do a perception check to see if I can- can sense any, like, train-like activities?",Perception
Perception,"the canopy of the trees above. And, uh… you hear a goopy sound. Okay. A goopy sound? Yeah, kind of like a [making wet noises with his mouth] Oh, great.",Perception
Perception,"like a [making wet noises with his mouth] Oh, great. [laughing] Okay, can I do a, uh - can I do a perception check to see if any, like -",Perception
Perception,"were able to charm the last Bodett with just charm. This Bodett is too wily for me, I’m gonna have to use magical charm. Okay. Uh, how does that work?",Perception
Insight,"the other side of the car is a young boy, who is wearing a fancy-boy suit-- Mhm. --and a fa- a blue fancy boy cap. Uh, dressed up very fanci-fancily.",Investigation
Arcana,"Jenkins. You are a cad. Jenkins [crosstalk] Nothing- nothing- nothing could destroy memories. Merle And let’s leave the door open, shall we? Jenkins Well, yes, it would have to be.",Arcana
Sleight of Hand,"internet. [crosstalk] So you’re casting na-na na-na boo boo, right? Yeah, I roll… Yeah, I rolled a fourteen, and I have a plus eighteen to bullying. So that’s thirty-two. [laughter]",Sleight of Hand
Arcana,"book to Taako. Angus Okay, so we’re doing this now, huh? Merle It’s called monkey in the middle. Angus I know what it’s called. Magnus No, I—I can’t read magic.",Arcana
Arcana,"middle. Angus I know what it’s called. Magnus No, I—I can’t read magic. Ok, I look at it and I do an arcana check on the book. You already did.",Arcana
Arcana,"middle. Angus I know what it’s called. Magnus No, I—I can’t read magic. Ok, I look at it and I do an arcana check on the book. You already did.",Arcana
Investigation,"going--Angus says, uh, Angus Look over the body as quick as you can before anybody else gets here. That’s my job. Let me look at the body. Wait-- Okay. Hmm.",Investigation
Investigation,"true. I wanna-- I wanna see if- if the rod is missing. That’s a fair question. Uh, okay, you’re gonna do that? I rolled a 19. [crosstalk] What’re we rolling?",Investigation
Athletics,"8 damage. Okay. And- and punched him out a window. Okay. Uhh. Same chance to resist -- Wait a minute, why does he get a chance to resist Phantom Fist?",Athletics
Perception,"Jess How can you prove that—how can you—no, stop—how can you prove that you didn’t cut this guy’s head off with your grandmother’s knife? I do— Magnus It’s my grandfather’s!",Persuasion
Investigation,"anything like that that seems out of order. Hey, do you want me to cast Zone of Truth? [laughing] That would be— Now hold on. [bantering about Zone of Truth]",Deception
Investigation,"Now hold on. [bantering about Zone of Truth] Uh, that would be, that would be an investigation check. If you, if you- if you’re poring over like a specific thing.",Investigation
Perception,"You--you-- you are not hearing anything anymore. As s- as you move into the room. Uhhm. And.. [crosstalk] . Angus starts, uh, overturning the room, looking for clues. Yes, ?",Perception
Investigation,"And.. [crosstalk] . Angus starts, uh, overturning the room, looking for clues. Yes, ? Can I roll a perception check to see if I notice anything awry about the safe?",Perception
Acrobatics,"uh, uh, dining car moves into the train, it, uh, begins to pull the rope back in towards the train, and you pop this heaviness bean in your mouth? Mhm.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"but he’s missing two teeth. Great, okay. Is everybody else - uh, can everybody else hop off? I jump, but I tuck and roll so as to incur no damage.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"real easy to concentrate when you’re rolling across those railroad ties. No I mean I’ll hop up at the last second, it’s gonna be sweet. That will be really cool.",Perception
Acrobatics,will be really cool. Well let me get an acrobatic - what is it? What kind - do I need to do an acrobatics check? Or am I - [Crosstalk],Acrobatics
Perception,"rub it in his face. And here’s the bad thing, only one of us actually uses a CPAP machine! Why am I laughing? Taako It’s not funny. It’s pretty funny.",Persuasion
Perception,push the only story in this show that matters forward. Does - Does- does Magnus look like he has like bonuses or anything now? Does he look like bonus-y? Uhh...,Perception
Medicine,"uh, it’s adventurezonecast@gmail.com and you can send in an item. Uh, but yeah. Do you want to read the ones that people sent in? You don’t have to read yours.",Medicine
History,"[imitating Snow] A licky boom-boom, downnnn. Now he gets it. Why did you licky my boom boom down? I don’t understand. [exhausted inhale] And, I’m dead. [laughter] {2310-2825} [music plays]",History
Perception,"[imitating Snow] A licky boom-boom, downnnn. Now he gets it. Why did you licky my boom boom down? I don’t understand. [exhausted inhale] And, I’m dead. [laughter] {2310-2825} [music plays]",History
Perception,"[imitating Snow] A licky boom-boom, downnnn. Now he gets it. Why did you licky my boom boom down? I don’t understand. [exhausted inhale] And, I’m dead. [laughter] {2310-2825} [music plays]",History
Athletics,"still have to climb it! Athletics is Strength. Um, no, we already knew that. So, Athletics, um… is, [reading from handbook] difficult situations you encounter while climbing, jumping or swimming.",Athletics
Athletics,"just doing a sort of ‘24’-esque splitscreen. Uh, back to Merle, and uh, back to Magnus and Taako- um, the rope’s in your car. And the ball’s in your court.",Athletics
Athletics,"they’ve hashtagged it out. For sure. On Twitterbook. Yeah all- all over the place. [interrupting loudly] Are you gonna try- Okay. Climb my body. Merle Alright, I’ll climb! I’ll climb.",Athletics
Athletics,"[laugh] Magnus Merle… Merle. Good lord. Merle Hey, it was your suggestion! [deep inhale] Uh, the vines are now about 15 feet below you. Merle Alright, what do I roll?",Perception
Perception,"I wrote my name on it! I- I- I mean I oughta be able to get it back. If lost, please return this crowbar. To- [laughs] Some guy. Okay. Uhhh-",Perception
Perception,"[laughs] Some guy. Okay. Uhhh- I’m gonna roll a perception check. Okay. Nice. I rolled… A 13, plus 0. Mkay. Everything is shitty. This whole situation sucks for you. [laughing]",Perception
Athletics,"there. So we need to move to the next level, and see if there’s- if it’s empty. Alright. I’m- I’m gonna move this forward. Dad. Climb. Okay. We gotta climb.",Athletics
Athletics,"you’re gonna bamf up to it, you’re not- I’ve reappeared 10 feet up the rope. Mkay. So- I wanna go to floor 14. Okay- That’s where I’m goin’. Floor 14.",Athletics
Perception,"damn pants up’ check? Nope. Yeah. Can - Can I check to see if- Oh! I rolled a 0. [laughs] I don’t know what to tell you. Whoa, that’s weird.",Persuasion
Perception,"to notice that I’m wearing MeUndies. They are incredibly comfortable. Oh-! No, excuse me, I am wearing ‘YeUndies’. YeUndies! [laughs] This portion of our podcast brought to you by YeUndies.",Perception
Sleight of Hand,"again. Oh! Okay. Uh, I rear back my axe, and then I grab the belt. Mkay. So that’s a 17, [mumbles] ummm… So is that sleight of hand? Or deception.",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"I’ve investigated her. But uh- I’ve tried to bust her, y’know I just, I when I see a perp, I just uh I think, ‘I’ve go- I gotta bust her!’",Insight
Sleight of Hand,"can buy a Goldcliff magnet. Yay! I’m adding that to my inventory. Okay, but it- it cost you 600- it cost you 600 gold pieces. [ laughing] I steal it.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"it- it cost you 600- it cost you 600 gold pieces. [ laughing] I steal it. M’kay, roll a sleight of hand check. Aww. That’s - I rolled a 12.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"And uh, in the middle of the room, uh, is, uh, a large wagon shaped object that is covered by a huge brown tarp that has been thrown over it—",Investigation
Perception,"over it— I’m gonna roll a perception check. See if I notice anything about the object in the tarp or in the room. Natural 20 plus one, 21. Ok! Um,",Perception
Perception,"promise you this. Are we out of the zone of truth? Yeah, yeah. You’re far away from it. Taako Everything’s gonna be fine. [ , and laughing] {Break from 3805-4407}",Deception
Insight,"No, where like, they think, like, “we’ve got this! We’re gonna win the big race!” But really she’s not very good. I mean she seems really confident in herself. Okay.",Insight
Deception,"says. [Everyone laughing] Come watch me poop. Merle, clobber him. I gotta roll to see if I have to poop cuz I need to make this look real. Constipation check.",Deception
Insight,"thank you for reminding me, . Okay. Aw, shit. Yeah, exactly. Which part? The part that I’m Jerry or the part that I have to use the bathroom very bad?",Insight
Insight,"beat] Sorry, I had a seizure. Let’s- listen. We gotta kill this imposter. Or throw ‘im in a well, or somethin’. Uh- he- Taako [as Little Jerry] Let’s well ‘im.",Insight
Perception,"ya what, bud. Why don’t you actually tell me… my real name? [nervous laughter] Okay, I- roll a-- Okay, let’s Sherlock this out. There was a smudge on his collar.",Persuasion
Insight,"a nuclear bomb― A magic card. Right, the Phantom Fist allows you to punch enemies and move them far away from you but it- it will not melt steel beams.",Perception
Perception,"a nuclear bomb― A magic card. Right, the Phantom Fist allows you to punch enemies and move them far away from you but it- it will not melt steel beams.",Perception
Insight,"but it- it will not melt steel beams. I would like to roll a perception check, maybe? Insight check? To see if Magnus thinks he could chop the lock, given―",Insight
Athletics,"the, the hot Goldcliff sun. Eugh. I fully rock out. What do you-- what do you mean by that? Like The Rock, he’s a- What? He’s a big, burly man.",Athletics
Perception,"as a free action, use my Lens of Straight Creepin’ to see where the door went. Uh, that’s not how it works. It leaves tracks in the ground. Augh! Dammit.",Investigation
Perception,"Lens of Straight Creepin’ to see where the door went. Uh, that’s not how it works. It leaves tracks in the ground. Augh! Dammit. I mean, you could perception check.",Perception
Perception,"tracks in the ground. Augh! Dammit. I mean, you could perception check. Okay, can I perception check? Yeah, sure. ...0. So a 12! Uh, nope, you don’t really see anything.",Perception
Perception,"could perception check. Okay, can I perception check? Yeah, sure. ...0. So a 12! Uh, nope, you don’t really see anything. [sweetly] Why don’t we do perception checks, ? What?",Perception
Perception,"...0. So a 12! Uh, nope, you don’t really see anything. [sweetly] Why don’t we do perception checks, ? What? Would you like to do a perception check? Sure. Yeah.",Perception
Athletics,You jump- you can’t see the other car. Yeah. I’m just jumpin’ over. You’re just blindly jumping to the right of the car? Yeah. [sarcastically] That doesn’t sound like Magnus.,Athletics
Acrobatics,my god! Dangeresque! I- I am going to jump though. Okay. Uh -- And I’m going to take- I’m going to take Merle with me. But it’s not your turn.,Athletics
Athletics,"Is the stiff wind- --is the stiff wind. [Whistles] The boar falls over dead. No, uh, next in the order is, uh, the crate! And the crate- Waves at you.",Perception
Animal Handling,"plus 7. Don’t forget your Red Bull. Oh yeah! [Rerolls the dice] Oh that’s way better, that’s a 20- That still didn’t beat him. -plus 7. 20 plus 7, 27.",Animal Handling
Athletics,"“Hi, I’m McElroy. I’m like, uh, Cesar Millan, only unkillable.” [laughter] Did you know he did a follow-up series called, “The Unkillable Cesar Millan?” I didn’t actually-- It was good.",Athletics
Arcana,"I guess it’s like, good at magic, I guess. Is it just, um, is it ’s - or I should say Taako’s, just, natural people fall in love with him?",Arcana
Perception,"needed to get out of the way of it pretty easily, and it leaves a black singe mark in the dust underneath you as you steer out of the way.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"windshield. [laughing] Okay. I’m gonna- I’m gon- Feet first! Okay. Kick that cricket, I mean… Yeah, he’s- Kick the cricket- Yeah. Away from the steering wheel and out the door.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"car now? Uh, yeah! Well, you, it would be more of a- it would be more of a climb, but, yes.. I would like to get into the shark now.",Athletics
Athletics,steer the truck as close as I can to Hurley’s vehicle. And even though I’m a stumpy li’l dude I’m gonna try to leap back onto Hurley’s vehicle. Okay! Alright.,Athletics
Sleight of Hand,"Sloane, the fact that we couldn’t save, uhh… Gundren has really been eating at me over the last two seasons. Yeah, sure. So, I’m gonna see if I can pull-",Sleight of Hand
Arcana,"of herself, and it has some sorta magical property about it. It has uh, sorta illusion magic appended to it. But that’s as specific as you can get with it.",Arcana
Stealth,"just kinda curious. A’right. Two things first of all, if you’re having a conversation with somebody I’m not gonna let you just do that? [crosstalk] Well I’m having the conversation.",Stealth
Sleight of Hand,"order I guess is Merle, you’re the only one left. Yep. Alright. I hold my coin on my shoulder, and let it roll down my arm into the slot perfectly.",Sleight of Hand
Deception,"shield’s surface, which has a seemingly endless capacity for detail.” Like that’s bada-- that’s fucking radical. And then my boy Chris Callison-Birch took it up another level-- this next part--",Investigation
Deception,on their recent performance in the campaign. Nothing escapes the critical eye of the Nitpicker! No matter how small the perceived offense.” I gotta have that. That’s fucking brilliant! [,Deception
Athletics,"cool. So yeah, if you had a rope with you, you could try and… climb down it or, you know, do whatever. Hmmm… Okay, we- we do that. [ laughs]",Athletics
Athletics,"bad if you fall down this. It's a 40-foot drop. That's a ton of damage, but… Thirteen plus seven, 20. Again with the athletics? Okay. Uhhh, nine… plus… four, 13.",Athletics
Perception,"Because that's where he is, in a medbay, holed up in a medbay, uh, that is not crystallized. And he needs you to get to him and help him out.",Persuasion
Perception,"crystallized. And he needs you to get to him and help him out. Could I suggest a perception check? To help us figure out where to go? Yes, you may.",Persuasion
Perception,I rolled an 18. What? I rolled an 18? Bringing all those big points! I rolled a three... Dad falls over and a crystal goes through his eye socket. [laughter],Perception
Deception,"white fire. And uh, it's pretty- it looks pretty menacing. I whisper to my shield, Magnus Did I ever tell you about the time I fought all those crystal monsters?",Investigation
Deception,"not too high up because, again, you’re about the size of the buildings. As a free action can I tell my shield about the roach that I squished earlier? Oooh!",Deception
Deception,"free action can I tell my shield about the roach that I squished earlier? Oooh! You’re gonna have to make a bluff check— Okay, what do I have to roll—?",Deception
Deception,"encasing the town. Okay. What, is there another sandwich inside the glass? No, no, he’s not, but it looks— he's making a very convincing show of it. [ laughs] Okay.",Deception
Deception,"inside the glass? No, no, he’s not, but it looks— he's making a very convincing show of it. [ laughs] Okay. Do you need to roll a bluff check there?",Deception
Athletics,"[Dice roll] to see if you can buffet this thing away. That’s a 22. ‘Kay, this is just to see if he can get into the elevator with you. Correct.",Athletics
Investigation,"this blue static-y glow all around it? That you assume is-is what is blocking all of this. Uh, and uh, Hodgepodge says Hodge Podge Math. Science. Magic. Spelling. Problem-solving. History.",Arcana
Performance,"and I say let him go in the room! [laughter] Noelle ...I don’t think that was actually… I don’t think that was actually- Should I roll a ventriloquism check, or?",Deception
Deception,"and I say let him go in the room! [laughter] Noelle ...I don’t think that was actually… I don’t think that was actually- Should I roll a ventriloquism check, or?",Deception
Deception,"think that was actually… I don’t think that was actually- Should I roll a ventriloquism check, or? You could do a Performance check, or a Bluff check, whichever one you…",Deception
Deception,"arms. Noelle Oh! Well, thank you. I mean it's more of- Taako [Disguised as Lucas] Hey, what's going on here! Noelle Oh my- oh! Lucas? How did you- Taako Yeah!",Insight
Performance,"handprint could match as well. Yyyeah. I’m hopin’ it won't come that, but I could try. That seems a little crazy, like, that doesn't make sense to me, I, like-",Performance
Deception,"previously in fiction, Taako's a master of impersonating voices, as we saw with Little Jerry. - Yeah, sure. That's true. That has been already established. It's in-fiction. Yeah. [Dice roll]",Perception
Investigation,"there, but they’re all pretty small, but you estimate all these gemstones to be worth about 1200 gold pieces. Magnus Yoink. K. I am going to take those, for safekeeping.",Investigation
Investigation,"there, but they’re all pretty small, but you estimate all these gemstones to be worth about 1200 gold pieces. Magnus Yoink. K. I am going to take those, for safekeeping.",Investigation
Nature,"Huggybear, like from Starsky and Hutch, right? [crosstalk] Good question, Dad. You’re doing your pre-hug stretches. That’s correct. You don’t want to tear something. No. I wanna do a… Attack?",Nature
Investigation,"took his helmet off, so he could have him a smoke, and bingo bango bongo-- That’s it! He don't wanna leave the Congo. He got turned into a big decanter.",Investigation
Investigation,"He got turned into a big decanter. Yeah, you could, you could roll an investigation check, but circle gets the square, that’s exactly what happened. Booooooommm. [Laughter and a snort]",Investigation
Investigation,"investigation check, but circle gets the square, that’s exactly what happened. Booooooommm. [Laughter and a snort] I roll an investigation check, just to be sure. Just to make feel useful.",Investigation
Sleight of Hand,"would be though, for Magnus, to have a tree on his arm that he cannot split. Yeah, true... Well, he can. Can Magnus make a tree even he can’t split?",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"would be though, for Magnus, to have a tree on his arm that he cannot split. Yeah, true... Well, he can. Can Magnus make a tree even he can’t split?",Sleight of Hand
Arcana,"lich being in the room. Merle/Magnus A lich? [cross talk] Magnus Like a lich, Merle Like a lecher? I don’t- Magnus A lich is like, uh, an undead, like uh-",Athletics
Perception,"to regulate! Magnus You actually have done that before. [All three players objecting at once] Taako You have said, many times, that is- Merle I can remember six times. Killian",Insight
Medicine,"we, I feel like we might have done one at one point. We did one, yeah, with you, when Black Spider/Magic ... Yeah, we didn’t do it right though, probably.",Medicine
Perception,through—that tunnel is the robot delivery system so we can go through there and that should be able to get us into the main experiment chamber. [crosstalk] She sounds sad.,Perception
Insight,chamber. [crosstalk] She sounds sad. [crosstalk] I'm gonna run a Perc— I'm gonna roll a Perception check to see if any of these robots stick out to me in particular.,Insight
Intimidation,"take Apple Pay. , what do I have to roll to do like a Batman like Arkham like, I pick him up and I'm going, tell me about the Riddler!",Investigation
Perception,"And you peed a little. You peed your pants a little. Magnus You did pee a little, he's right. Lucas I did. I don't know how you could tell that.",Persuasion
Investigation,"not gonna get good treatment at the hands of a bunch of dead people that we offed. , do I recognize any of the faces in the… in the mass?",Investigation
Stealth,"Merle So, u-uh- kudos to you! [stalling] I think it was great! It’s wonderful! It’s beautiful! But, listen, we’re gonna take a no… but thank you so much! And listen—",Stealth
Perception,"they, the trashcan guys, they left them in the street… if you’ll just move them back... Thanks! God bless! [blows a kiss] See ya! And I wanna smash the mirror.",Perception
Persuasion,"I'm the guy who's trying to stop all of this. Trust me. Give me the stone. Merle Self-centered much? Taako Yeah, we’re a team… Merle I mean we're helping too!",Persuasion
Deception,"Yeah. ...hillbillies. Okay, we can use those… How would we resolve… cheating--a cheating deck of cards? I’ve got this- I would say that the best way to go is like-",Insight
Deception,"that’ll be Kravitz’s cards- Find the lady, where’s the lady? Yes, everyone, keep your eye on the lady! Okay. Here’s what we’ll do; I’ll draw one for Kravitz, okay? Right.",Deception
Sleight of Hand,"And then, we’ll draw one for you, Magnus. And then, if it doesn’t-if it beats it, you win, if it doesn’t beat it, you make a deception check- Got it.",Sleight of Hand
Deception,"assume you kinda debrief her on what happened there, because I don’t think anyone wants to hear a thorough rehashing of the last 11 episodes of the Adventure Zone -",Deception
Deception,"assume you kinda debrief her on what happened there, because I don’t think anyone wants to hear a thorough rehashing of the last 11 episodes of the Adventure Zone -",Deception
Deception,"very disheartening. Magnus There were a lot of other factors. Director Hopefully he can find some rest in the Astral plane. I rolled a 16, by the way. Plus 1.",Deception
Deception,"were a lot of other factors. Director Hopefully he can find some rest in the Astral plane. I rolled a 16, by the way. Plus 1. On your bluff check?",Deception
Deception,"factors. Director Hopefully he can find some rest in the Astral plane. I rolled a 16, by the way. Plus 1. On your bluff check? Yeah, deception check. On what?",Deception
Persuasion,"So, I'm, I--I can totally train you, but the question is are you willing to be trained? Magnus Yes? Carey That was the first test, you passed it. Magnus Yeah!",Persuasion
Sleight of Hand,"food bean? [crosstalk] Yeah, a little pinto bean. And she says, Carey If you’re able, snatch this here be- [crosstalk] I take it. Okay. Roll a uh, [crosstalk] Oh, sorry.",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"stealth is still bad. Yeah. Okay.. my stealth is plus 2, so let’s see. That’s actually not bad! [sound of dice rolling] It’s another 19! So 19 plus 2, 21!",Sleight of Hand
Athletics,"the way of that and grabs your arm and jiujitsu flips you and carries your momentum -- [crosstalk] Wait, I’m gonna do an acrobatics saving throw! Hold on. Okay, cool.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"book and very quickly locates this item, he says, Leon Okay, that is the Featherweight Cuirass. And it’s… an interesting piece of—of armor that increases the wearer’s flexibility and mobility.",Investigation
Investigation,"uh, these are called Awareness Frames. And they are some nerd-ass looking glasses, He says, Leon that enhance the wearer’s ability to perceive the truth and see things previously unseen.",Investigation
Sleight of Hand,walk in the ethereal plane over so I'm sitting next to him. Okay. I reappear and snatch the candy from his hand and put my coin into it. [laughing] [wheezing],Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,I reappear and snatch the candy from his hand and put my coin into it. [laughing] [wheezing] [trying not to laugh] Make a sleight of hand check. With advantage. What?,Sleight of Hand
Arcana,"so Mathias the Living Grimoire is a new item sent in by Will Barnett, thank you, Will. Looks like Barrett here. Is it Barrett? I thought it was Barrett too.",Insight
Arcana,"normally be able to learn and sort of have it live in this owl, but whenever you cast it, it does still burn one of your spell slots. That’s cool.",Arcana
Stealth,"so I have 300 leftover to throw into the pool. Okay. Okay, there’s now 2000 gold in the pool, so you guys... I’m gonna also grab the Tarantula’s Bracelet? Sick.",Athletics
Stealth,"as a first level rogue is pick either two of your skills or one skill and your thieves’ tools and be double proficient in them, it’s called Expertise. Okay, cool.",Stealth
Nature,"up, everybody’s does. Yeah, you’re - he did that - [crosstalk] I’m plus 4. - he did that automagically. Dad doesn’t have like, classes of tutelage as I do, right?",Nature
Perception,"to reality, why would I not cast that on myself? Okay, and, uh, I guess- I read the in-flight safety manual a couple times. Way too much. More than normal.",Perception
Perception,"Okay, and, uh, I guess- I read the in-flight safety manual a couple times. Way too much. More than normal. Okay, if you’re reading that, make a perception check, Dad.",Perception
Medicine,"fine, yeah. I’ve never done that before. Merle Trying to be part of the team! Taako No, save your slots, my dude. So you took how much damage, 21? 21.",Medicine
Arcana,gonna say investigation on the armor and the bird to see if I can figure out what the sort of relationship is there. Okay. [rolls dice] I’ve got a 19.,Investigation
Investigation,gonna say investigation on the armor and the bird to see if I can figure out what the sort of relationship is there. Okay. [rolls dice] I’ve got a 19.,Investigation
Arcana,"the Jewish thing, the- The golem? The golem, the- But we’re not gonna call it that, cause - the last arc was very golem-centric. Mkay. Let’s go with homunculus, then.",Arcana
Arcana,"the big fella that you’re riding on? Roswell I don’t see why it’s important that you distinguish between the two. Taako Okay, well, that’s fine, I’m not into labels either.",Arcana
Investigation,"tell if this was Everquest and you were to con this thing just to sort of figure it out, it would fuck you right up. It’s like skulls all around?",Investigation
Stealth,"I do that, I wanna use my new sneaking skills and maybe pop my head out the door sneakily- Okay. -to see if I can see what’s going on outside.",Stealth
Perception,"have your hand in the drawer, like, unlocking it, you hear ka-chunk ka-chunk ka-chunk, and Roswell is standing in the doorframe of the sheriff’s office. I sneak my hand out.",Perception
Deception,"out of the cookie jar real fast and he says, uh, Roswell Okay, well, I gave you guys a chance, and you - to be frank, you blew it. So-",Deception
Deception,"out of the cookie jar real fast and he says, uh, Roswell Okay, well, I gave you guys a chance, and you - to be frank, you blew it. So-",Deception
Deception,"kerfuffle. Taako Not those guys! Different guys. Merle The guys that Taako was just telling you about. Roswell Okay. Taako Different guys. Merle Yeah, the guys that tried to steal!",Deception
Deception,"to steal! Now listen, I don’t want to panic anybody, but I did get an 18 on that bluff check, so he’s, like, buyin’ it. He did get an 18.",Deception
Deception,out? Taako For sure. Magnus Can you do some kind of distraction noise or something and then pop this lock and we’ll say it shook loose in the quake? Taako,Perception
Perception,"in this case. Taako Yeah, maybe we- you know what, that’s a great point. Sort of a meta point, I’ll grant you. Merle Unless the cell’s falling in on us.",Perception
Medicine,of the bank. Okay. I run over and start rolling them around in the dirt. You’re stop-drop-and-rolling them? Yeah. Okay. Make a - what would that be? First aid check.,Medicine
Stealth,"make your way down to the bottom of the ramp, and you don’t see her anymore. What’s your passive perception? What is that under? Your skills. Oh, um, plus 3.",Perception
Deception,"in some kind of loop. At noon today, something terrible happens and the only way we can stop it from happening is if you come with us to the quarry.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"in some kind of loop. At noon today, something terrible happens and the only way we can stop it from happening is if you come with us to the quarry.",Persuasion
Investigation,"putting in enough. [in Russian accent] All the shaving, all the trimming. [Russian-sounding gibberish] These are the names of my pubic hairs. [everyone laughs] Come, Ruska! Little Pitor. Sneaky Dave.",Investigation
Arcana,"that has something to do with it, but there’s meat. Just raw steaks in the icebox. Magnus Hey, Taako? Is this magic, this icebox? Is it magic in any way?",Arcana
Nature,"it is a metal wheel that is broken. That’s not to say you can’t fix it, but it’s like, the metal is broken. Is the buzzing - sound like insects?",Nature
Nature,"it is a metal wheel that is broken. That’s not to say you can’t fix it, but it’s like, the metal is broken. Is the buzzing - sound like insects?",Nature
Nature,"but it’s like, the metal is broken. Is the buzzing - sound like insects? Maybe a nature check would reveal that to those who want to roll a nature check.",Nature
Nature,Is the buzzing - sound like insects? Maybe a nature check would reveal that to those who want to roll a nature check. I’m going to do a nature check.,Nature
Nature,plus-es. You’ve gotta have a plus! Dad is always looking at his cards. Planning ahead. For what? You have no fucking clue what’s happening. I have a great idea! Okay.,Nature
Perception,"game for situations where… [crosstalk] Yeah but, but Taako’s taking care of that. Okay. Let’s see. He’s not at Helpington’s, he’s not at Davy’s Lamp, he’s not at the bank.",Perception
Investigation,"[sound of dice rolling] That’s a 1. Jesus. [sound of dice rolling] That’s a 7. Okay. Nothing happens and it’s all good, don’t even worry about it, dawg. [ laughs]",Investigation
Investigation,"of the manor. That’s something I would do. [sound of dice rolling]. That’s a 20. Okay, um. I’ve got no perception, but when I’m trying? I can definitely see stuff.",Investigation
Intimidation,"Alright, you’re grilling ? Yeah. Alright, you walk in and she just instinctively like, GERBLINS! Magnus Yeah, okay great. Listen, WHO ARE YOU? WHAT ARE YOU DOIN’ IN MY HOME?",Perception
Intimidation,"HOME? I wanna do an intimidation check. Okay. Magnus Shut the fuck up. Alright, roll. You gotta roll it you can’t just say a lewd word. [sound of dice rolling]",Intimidation
Religion,"of the clock. So it’s just like every part of this temple is-is on the ground, and just beat to hell. Magnus Um, Merle? Do you know anything about Istus?",Religion
Religion,"Magnus Um, Merle? Do you know anything about Istus? Merle about to make his first religion check. Merle I know Istus of Panama! [Snickers] Magnus Cool. [Merle sighs, audibly] Merle",Religion
Investigation,"what I mean? You can see like the floorboards. Like, you can step over those and be in the building, but it’s like, most of it has just completely collapsed.",Perception
Investigation,"just completely collapsed. Okay, well I’m gonna do an investigation check, I guess, and see if there’s anything important here. Okay! [dice rolling] Uh, so 16, plus nothing, so 16.",Investigation
Investigation,"just completely collapsed. Okay, well I’m gonna do an investigation check, I guess, and see if there’s anything important here. Okay! [dice rolling] Uh, so 16, plus nothing, so 16.",Investigation
Perception,"please. Taako Oh, sure, no problem. Can you make it a little bonier? Skeleton [More nasal and high pitched] Unhand me, please! [A couple of “yeah”s and agreeable phrases] Skeleton",Perception
Perception,"our- Yeah, you can use that same loop. I also just, as we’re walking past it, would like to take a peek down the well at the start of town.",Perception
Persuasion,you know what I mean. Yeah. Make a- I want you to make a roll for this. Make a… what’s it called where you try to convince somebody? and Persuasion.,Persuasion
Persuasion,"What if I told you you could get into the vault without the use of any explosives whatsoever? Walk in, walk out. Redmond Um… okay. I- that does sound enticing.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"dice] 14 plus… okay, 14. That’s- no, that’s still not good enough. Is there any way to assist? Magnus Yeah, what he’s saying is true, I’ve seen him do it.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"exact same persuasion roll, but Merle, if you wanted to try to hype him up, I would give- A try? Yeah. If you want to attest for his magical prowess.",Persuasion
Acrobatics,"of your spell? Enhance Ability. Oh, this is gonna be fucking great. I have advantage on this--I have advantage on dexterity checks. So you get double advantage. Okay, alright. Cool.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"have advantage on dexterity checks. So you get double advantage. Okay, alright. Cool. You have double advantage. You have super advantage. Why don’t you just roll your--are you doing acrobatics?",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"get double advantage. Okay, alright. Cool. You have double advantage. You have super advantage. Why don’t you just roll your--are you doing acrobatics? I am doing an acrobatics check, yes.",Acrobatics
Intimidation,"in kind of a vaguely intimidating way? And that string falls to the floor. And she tucks the scissors back - Alright, Taako’s appropriately intimidated. Okay. Um. She says, um-",Intimidation
Athletics,"all just try to have some fun here, okay? I mean it’s called Change Material? Transmutation is such a better name. Next--who--Taako, Merle? It’s probably something takes, like, three hours.",Athletics
Athletics,"on how you do it. If you just wanna climb down the rope then, yeah, it’s athletics. I just wanna climb down the rope. Okay. Go ahead and roll it.",Athletics
Persuasion,"this it’ll be, like, the fifth one we’ve dealt with. He takes another long drag and he sort of eyes you over and he says, Isaak That’s an interesting propositio-",Persuasion
History,"claim me, Merle, and you use me, you can stop yourself from grabbing it. You can be whole again, Merle, that is--that is my offer to you. [The Chalice plays]",History
Athletics,"we die and we come back to life, no big deal. Merle [crosstalk] Yeah. Magnus [crosstalk] Oh hold on! No, well-? Taako Let’s do it! And I hit the lever.",Athletics
Nature,spiralling down the length of Shaft B. Do we have to do a constitution check to see if we puke? Mmmm. I mean. We haven’t eaten in like seventy days.,Investigation
Acrobatics,"a bridge. But they’re holding on, right? They are holding on, yeah. Magnus Okay, just jump! Roswell This is a shit idea, are you sure? Magnus It’s gonna be great!",Acrobatics
Perception,"Gardens is just like a horticultural masterpiece. Um, it’s- Is the Blue Lake district anything like the red light district? No, it’s actually the exact opposite. Ok, cool, cool, cool.",Perception
Perception,"Alright. [dice roll] Four… Oh, you have advantage ‘cause you have those-- Oh I do have advantage, yes! Yeah yeah yeah, you have those glasses. [dice roll] Ok… oh, fifteen.",Athletics
Athletics,"it's motioning like upwards, what do you--? Is there any kind of like stairs, or any kind of like...? There's a ladder leading up to the top of the tank.",Athletics
Intimidation,"with a good enough sales pitch, you can convince anyone of its value, and get them to trade you their most valuable possession. That's a fun one. That is good.",Intimidation
Athletics,"and the Grappling Hook for 1800. All Hmmmm... hmmm... The Grappling Hook--[drowned out, crosstalk] The Grappling Hook you can only use once a day. I think that's a fair deal.",Athletics
Persuasion,"ready for this 61,000! Can you believe it? What a steal, eh? Garfield That's quite a profit! Taako Mmhm, and I know that's what you're all about, is profit, hm?",Insight
Acrobatics,40-some-odd episodes to discover the power of a good epilogue. This is the epilogue. Are you ready? Are you ready for the- We're in it. Yes. [“Big Prophecy” starts playing],Acrobatics
Perception,"I’m gonna stand on it and surf on down to the ground. You are living Merle’s truth right now! Uh yeah, you hang ten on the broom-- Merle Hang tennnn!",Athletics
Perception,"wanna fly awaayyy / I dunno where my home--” And it’s just like, so graceful, Yeah-- And like, dew, I’m like flicking dew-- [moans with envy and awe] Ohhh, man!",Investigation
Perception,"you hear the balloon deploy and you look up, and you can sorta see through the boughs of the trees as the sphere floats away, back up into the sky.",Perception
Perception,"and you can sorta see through the boughs of the trees as the sphere floats away, back up into the sky. Should I roll a perception check? Everybody else did.",Perception
Perception,"look, Short Pants, let the adults take care of this, okay? Lord Artemis Sterling How dare you, sir? Do you have any idea who I am? Magnus Um, Merle? Merle",Perception
Perception,"Now gone. And what—what are you wearing? You were...let’s say it was on your non-dominant hand, right? Yeah, I think that’s the Fletcher’s Mitt. Or is that my phantom fist…",Athletics
Arcana,"off my pinky,” and now in here, when Merle was all like, “I don’t wanna go in there bad—guy”, this like fog stuff came out of our mouths. What’s that?",Investigation
Medicine,"machinery, uh, falls from the ring on the ceiling, and lands on you. You’re gonna kill America’s favourite wizard. [ chuckles] As played by Adam Sandler. Use your butt power!",Medicine
Arcana,I think? Taako Hold on let me roll- Liches get stitches? [ and crack up] Let me roll real quick and I’ll tell you how much I know. [Dice roll],Arcana
Intimidation,"no magic properties to the eyepatch for your- If you make any ranged attack rolls though, you are going to take a -2 penalty to those from now on. Magic!",Intimidation
Perception,"Uh, ? Yeah? Before we move on, I wanna make the Thieves’ Cant sign for room, trap, confirm. Yeah, it confirms, this thing pushes into your hand and confirms. Cool.",Perception
Insight,"only about halfway through the year, it’s about midsummer, but, um, probably a good thirty prizes or so. Taako Wow. Magnus Bullshit. Taako I don’t believe you. Merle Lying lychee.",Insight
Insight,"midsummer, but, um, probably a good thirty prizes or so. Taako Wow. Magnus Bullshit. Taako I don’t believe you. Merle Lying lychee. You can roll insight if you wanna see.",Insight
Arcana,"keep an eye on the red robe to see [in a slight whisper] how he reacts. He-he just extends a single finger, as if to say like, wait a minute.",Arcana
Perception,"Hadar’s whatever, and he casts [ starts laughing] outta Bill Hader’s evil sphere, and he casts Dispel Magic. And the field of inky black tentacles disappears. [ sighs with disappointment]",Perception
Arcana,"have been spirited away at this point. And you got your, the -- well, you don’t know what’s happening but there’s magical objects appearing in the corner of the room.",Perception
Investigation,"of is the one with our names on it, is that right? Uh-huh! Okay. Can we just cursory look around and see if… y’know, if all the others are labelled…?",Investigation
Investigation,"Can we just cursory look around and see if… y’know, if all the others are labelled…? Yeah, roll an investigation check. [sound of d20 rolling] I rolled a nat 20.",Investigation
Performance,"and put myself in a dope outfit, and start walkin’ down the catwalk with all the style and panache I can muster, which is, I should note, a fuckin’ lot.",Performance
Performance,"and put myself in a dope outfit, and start walkin’ down the catwalk with all the style and panache I can muster, which is, I should note, a fuckin’ lot.",Performance
Performance,"Yeah, roll a charisma roll. Roll a performance roll! We’ve never-- [rolls] Oh, that’s weird. I got 30. Cause it’s fuckin’ so fly. [ laughs] That’s very strange and interesting.",Performance
Performance,"Yeah, roll a charisma roll. Roll a performance roll! We’ve never-- [rolls] Oh, that’s weird. I got 30. Cause it’s fuckin’ so fly. [ laughs] That’s very strange and interesting.",Performance
Performance,"Yeah, roll a charisma roll. Roll a performance roll! We’ve never-- [rolls] Oh, that’s weird. I got 30. Cause it’s fuckin’ so fly. [ laughs] That’s very strange and interesting.",Performance
Performance,"Oh fuck!] and I gyrate it [ Nice.] and I look seductive, and then waddle across the catwalk [ laughing mockingly] to stand next to my… stunning cosmetically enhanced friend.",Performance
Performance,"Oh fuck!] and I gyrate it [ Nice.] and I look seductive, and then waddle across the catwalk [ laughing mockingly] to stand next to my… stunning cosmetically enhanced friend.",Performance
Performance,"up, and I, using like my Chance Lance do like a super sick kinda baton slash like y’know gun twirling exercise like you might see in like a military show.",Performance
Performance,"up, and I, using like my Chance Lance do like a super sick kinda baton slash like y’know gun twirling exercise like you might see in like a military show.",Performance
Perception,"know the most successful type of advertising? [All at once] Word of mouth? Edward Magnus, you landed on skull in the last round, didn’t you? Magnus Yes. Edward Bad luck.",Persuasion
Medicine,"to three successes, you’re stable at zero hit points. If you reach three failures, you are dead forever. Merle is gone. Now what can we do to impact that scenario?",Medicine
Medicine,"to three successes, you’re stable at zero hit points. If you reach three failures, you are dead forever. Merle is gone. Now what can we do to impact that scenario?",Medicine
Medicine,Word into Divine Wood. [laughing] And you pop the most righteous boner! [boisterous laughter] And this imbues marionette Magnus… Okay. … with divine power… and heals him for twenty points.,Medicine
Survival,"disappears. Wait am—am I now, like, am I covere—am I...disguised? No, no, he just m—he just like, took a note. Or something. Into this coin. And then it disappeared. Okay.",Survival
Survival,"disappears. Wait am—am I now, like, am I covere—am I...disguised? No, no, he just m—he just like, took a note. Or something. Into this coin. And then it disappeared. Okay.",Survival
Survival,"a Survival check, which is fun ‘cause I don’t think we’ve ever done this one? [dice rolling] I mean not great. Five? [triumphantly] Nineteen. Hell yeah Bear Grylls. Uh fifteen.",Survival
Survival,"a Survival check, which is fun ‘cause I don’t think we’ve ever done this one? [dice rolling] I mean not great. Five? [triumphantly] Nineteen. Hell yeah Bear Grylls. Uh fifteen.",Survival
Performance,"what? No! Hey, listen, life’s tough. Magnus We’ve been walking for two hours, Merle! There was no need to resort to that! Merle I have appetites! Magnus Dark, dark appetites!",Performance
Stealth,"what? No! Hey, listen, life’s tough. Magnus We’ve been walking for two hours, Merle! There was no need to resort to that! Merle I have appetites! Magnus Dark, dark appetites!",Performance
Acrobatics,"what? No! Hey, listen, life’s tough. Magnus We’ve been walking for two hours, Merle! There was no need to resort to that! Merle I have appetites! Magnus Dark, dark appetites!",Performance
Acrobatics,Rockport and Goldcliff and Neverwinter… And it’s the board of somebody who has been tracking the Relics and the Bureau intently. And there’s another source of light in this room,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"less or a little more than The Director, where are we at as far as placement on the- Taako It’s a big ol’ void! All orbiting planet Taako, of non-trust!",Acrobatics
Investigation,"have to have a doctor look at. It sounds like you guys are - are ready? Sure! [crosstalk] Hell yeah. [crosstalk] Anything else, any other details you wanna iron out?",Perception
Perception,"have to have a doctor look at. It sounds like you guys are - are ready? Sure! [crosstalk] Hell yeah. [crosstalk] Anything else, any other details you wanna iron out?",Perception
Arcana,"I can pick up off of it? Investigation I guess should actually be the check. Um… I- I, arcana would be more appropriate? It’s just very [crosstalk] super magical object.",Arcana
Perception,"I think we should just move in. Yeah, as long as we can reference it later. Yeah, for sure, you’ve got the map. Yeah, yeah. Mkay. Um- Let’s do it.",Insight
Deception,"who run it were using, and one of the side effects was our, our stones of farspeech were, uh, basically made inoperable. At some point. [Merle makes an exploding noise]",Perception
Deception,"their magics and advance my own understanding. But please be careful and don’t touch him, there’s some very powerful, dangerous magics that this mannequin has been under the influence of.",Deception
Stealth,"the door now. You’re double at the door. Uh, Go to the door! So I'm at the door, I guess I… Oh my gosh. Can I sneak open the door?",Investigation
Stealth,"up the wall, and, uh, Yeah, let me double-check what the tarantula bracelet does. [crosstalk] It gives you spider climb. [crosstalk] Bestows spider climb on the wearer. Yeah, so, um,",Athletics
Stealth,"does not see you. So what are you doin’? Um, I’m gonna try to get like, above him, as close as I can? So I can drop down on him.",Perception
Stealth,"dropping in on Johann or dropping in on the Voidfish? Dropping in on Johann. Oh fuck, what are you doin’? Gonna knock him out. Alright. This would be, I think—",Stealth
Stealth,"on the Voidfish? Dropping in on Johann. Oh fuck, what are you doin’? Gonna knock him out. Alright. This would be, I think— Thank goodness for advantage on stealth checks.",Stealth
Perception,"there. It’s—it’s—it just ain’t there, there’s nothing in this hallway. Um, I guess keep on truckin’ then. Okay. Yeah? I mean. Don’t you think? Oh, let me tell you what",Persuasion
Perception,"in my bag. So let me go ahead and roll a perception check in this area. Okay. See if I can detect anything. Um, that’s a critical failure. No, then—",Perception
Perception,"I can detect anything. Um, that’s a critical failure. No, then— Then I'm gonna roll a perception check. Jeez, four. Four. God! It’s just an empty hallway. Got it. Okay!",Perception
Arcana,"dead flowers. And uh, a bunch of spiders climb out of the blooms, these dead blooms on top of these flowers and start to crawl all over your soulwood arm.",Arcana
Arcana,"to sense if there—if this is. I suspect this is not happening, so I'm trying to detect if we’re under the influence of some sort of illusory magic or not.",Arcana
Perception,"of gotten over this illusion magic. And now you hear this very faint kind of, like—it almost sounds like a ticking noise or a faint knock. That’s like, [whispered] clang-clang-clang-clang.",Perception
Deception,"Zone of Truth! [Zone of Truth casting noise] Now! Let’s see. [crosstalk] I just cast Zone of Truth! [crosstalk] I mean, roll—roll—ta— Roll, Taako. No, he’s lying. , he’s lying.",Deception
Religion,"of journals. And in front of these two stacks are two fresh—completely empty open journals with two sets of quills and two inkwells sitting, like, right next to each other.",Investigation
Religion,"and inside is the design—this design of this big tree with a hundred branches reaching out to the ends of the circle. And that symbol, make a Religion check, Merle.",Religion
Religion,"talk to Pan. But, with the—well, there’s no—well, okay. In that case, there’s—it’s still the same. In that case it’s still the same, just no—nobody answered. You have no powers.",Religion
Acrobatics,"room by yourself with a bunch of invisible corpses. I get dressed, socks first. Yeah, alright. Let’s just say you get—you get all of your shit back together. Socks first.",Acrobatics
Arcana,"before, it’s been almost two decades. {10141} And uh, you load some of this back up onto the ship, and with a 12 I think take two assets? Um… Nice!",Arcana
Athletics,"Water Breathing. Perfect. There you go, that sounds like what we’re looking for. [crosstalk] It’s a level three transmutation spell, so Taako you fuckin’ deffo know this. Like- [crosstalk] Perfect.",Investigation
Insight,two v’s. N-E-V-V-E-R. Taako It was a scroll that we looked at. It was a moving scroll. Lup It was a great - it was a really good scroll. Taako,Insight
Deception,"takes too long, the decision’s kiiinda gonna be taken out of your hands. Prosecutor Olson There’s no appealing the voice of the justices, their providence is infallible. I don’t understand—",Deception
Acrobatics,"the skull, uh, with the flat side of one of her daggers. Um, next in the order is Magnus. I am going to jump onto the back of the rhinoceros.",Athletics
Animal Handling,"I’m tempted to just like have that be your thing, and if you are successful in doing it, you’re in charge of the rhino, but that’s your turn. Hmm, okay!",Animal Handling
Acrobatics,"were facing the hand when this happens— Um, before you figure it out, I’m gonna Action Surge, and once I get it headed toward the hand, I’m gonna jump off.",Acrobatics
Medicine,"I’ve got a— I’ve got an item, I just can’t remember which one it is. [crosstalk] I think it’s the Raid- [crosstalk] Oh it’s the— the uh, Feathered Cuirass. Yeah.",Medicine
Arcana,"at the end, was a sapphire window. [Smiling] You remember that, Taako because of how good your memory is. [Laughs] Uh, so I’m tryna look for a specific spell that…",Arcana
Arcana,"at the end, was a sapphire window. [Smiling] You remember that, Taako because of how good your memory is. [Laughs] Uh, so I’m tryna look for a specific spell that…",Arcana
Athletics,"ship, there’s probably a mast or something you could swing down off of, to avoid some of this. All right, then I will use my grappling hook to do that.",Athletics
Athletics,"a moment? Merle ...You got it, buddy. You go and you move over to him and he says- John We don’t have to talk. Let’s just...let’s just watch this together.",Athletics
Investigation,me do a... is it a magical spotlight? [snorts] NO?? (incredulous) Is it an electrical spotlight? Careful. (carefully) No. Everything you say becomes canon. That’s right. Is it a cannon?,Investigation
Perception,"into the ring and then it vanishes in a puff of black smoke. Was it Jeff Angel? No, it didn’t come from anybody in the crowd or in the ring.",Perception
Religion,received a missive that an ancient cell of the Cult of Garrigos survived and was operating out of Neverwinter and I tracked them to this place- to the Chaos Theatre.,Religion
Perception,"creep, playing Three-Card Monty in these crazy streets. [audience laughs] Way too many of you are like “I get it!” Yeah, how do you know what that is? You’re monsters.",Perception
Perception,"now, and you’re not just going to be surrounded by flame for the whole episode. The snowstorm picks up and it’s biting at your face with these chilling winds Brrrr.",Investigation
Stealth,"hall for several hundred feet, the corridor ends at a sheet of thick ice, which as you approach it, slides upward. Wait, I assume there’s tiny bells on our shoes?",Perception
Perception,"don’t know why this is [crosstalk] such a stumbling block. [crosstalk] Alright, I got it wrong! I thought you were saying, like [laughing] and there’s two other people there, too!",Perception
History,"rest of the foyer. [ inhales sharply as if to start speaking] ...Yes? I’m going to play Dungeons and Dragons very quick. Um, I want to, uh— Everybody stand back!",History
Survival,"it’s not... it’s not cursed by magic in any way that you can tell, it’s just— The vial look like anything I recognise? It looks like a potion. [thoughtfully] Potion.",Survival
Survival,"it’s not... it’s not cursed by magic in any way that you can tell, it’s just— The vial look like anything I recognise? It looks like a potion. [thoughtfully] Potion.",Survival
Acrobatics,"right now. Okay, well, I’m gonna— I’m just gonna roll with it, I’m gonna go on the dancefloor. I know he got bludgeoned but I don’t think I’m going to.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"right now. Okay, well, I’m gonna— I’m just gonna roll with it, I’m gonna go on the dancefloor. I know he got bludgeoned but I don’t think I’m going to.",Acrobatics
Perception,"I drank— hold on, let me think. [a beat] Maybe it’s this style of music. Th— I need different music to dance to, maybe that’s— Is there any other records?",Athletics
Acrobatics,"I don’t know. Okay, well, now that I can see everybody, I’m gonna go back out to the dance floor and try to really [ Okay.] shake… shake… the stuff.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"[defeated] Sure. Uh, it’s like, this one’s like— no yeah, this one’s like [makes funky disco noises]. So like the Ohio Players, [crosstalk] we’re talking like— [crosstalk] Yes. Sure. Okay.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"back, the castle disappears some more. Magnus Now let’s run! Uh, okay, which way are you running? Out! Out! Back towards the elevator— Entrance. Okay. Yeah, back towards the entrance.",Investigation
Insight,"right? [audience clamors, “No!”] Magnus Y— yes! Taako This is, uh— yeah! We… Merle Wrap— wrapping it. Magnus We’re wrapping it. Taako We wrapped it! We’re wrapping it. [Audience laughs]",Arcana
Athletics,"And all the doors open to the store. Magnus rushes in. There— you are towards the back of the crowd. No. Shield in front of me, fucking— Barrelling through? Yeah.",Athletics
Athletics,"whole thing mapped out in my mind, don’t you worry about it. Okay, then I tackle it. All right. As much as you can tackle something that’s in the air.",Athletics
History,"cheering] Today at [simultaneously] Toy Joy! [simultaneously] Toy Joy! [audience cheering] That’s an 11, plus— Nothing. Okay, with an 11… let’s use— [crosstalk] Wait a minute, why’s it plus nothing?",History
Acrobatics,"Magnus— [laughing] Nope. [Audience and laugh] Take 8 points of damage, you fall down the stairs again. You're gonna fucking die on these stairs. [Audience laughs] I run and jump.",Athletics
Perception,"his eyes, [Audience ‘aww’s] his quest is almost come to an end. You see another flash up in the room with the catwalk and hear even louder, more frantic chanting.",Perception
Deception,"fold— To tackle— Okay. We’ll fold it into one. You’re not going to hurt Jeff Angel with this roll. This is the tradeoff— No, this is not an attack roll.",Deception
Deception,"could have just hugged him, like it doesn’t matter— close to him to be able to use his microphone and to make it unclear where the voice is coming from.",Deception
Perception,"principled slaughter as she takes out all but just a small handful, a couple dozen of the Turbo Jeff dolls. I’m gonna add another person to the order. Taako. Yeah?",Perception
Persuasion,"your head? That’s not Dungeons and Dragons! That’s Dungeons and ! Why don’t you— Then one of them says, Guard But wait a minute… There it is! Here we go!",Persuasion
Investigation,"all the beautiful skills that Gary Gygax gave to you, [ (?) laughs] my beautiful family. Do the ingots move? Can we move them? You can pick ’em up, yeah.",Investigation
Perception,"grains of chalk on the surface of the anvil, just kinda off to the edge. Put the chalk on the anvil? You place the chalk on the anvil. Nothin’ happens!",Investigation
Perception,"it’s all part of it? It’s all kind of part of the puzzle. The ingots and the chalk are… part of it. Yes. Merle? Wait, what are you rollin’, pal?",Perception
Insight,"you rollin’, pal? A Perception check, like everybody else! [loudly] Okay, there is nothing left to perceive! You have perceived everything in the puzzle! [audience laughs] Do Insight. Do Insight.",Insight
Arcana,"not moving anymore. And you made a point to mention it. Okay. Yeah, you can put ’em on. Magnus Could uhh one of you magicaaaal dudes, like, check those out?",Arcana
Arcana,check. That is a… six plus one. Taako I know nothing about these! [ laughs and then the audience laughs] Magnus Merle? [pause] Roll a d20? Magnus said that in-character.,Arcana
Athletics,"cheers] Oof. Alright. I’m gonna make you do a… Acrobatics? Acrobatics, probably, cuz this thing is pretty high up there and it just took a big step away from —",Athletics
Athletics,"the jump ball for Tres Horny Boys? Well, Taako’s very tall now, sooo… [crosstalk] I’ll do it! It’s Taako. [audience cheers] Yeah, Merle does it. Alright, Merle— I do it!",Athletics
Athletics,sense where if we did all our chores we got to watch Doctor Who and play basketball. Um. And that’s how we’re the well balanced children we are today. Yeah.,Athletics
Athletics,"—plus… 8, 26. You steal— you steal the ball from Marvey and now you have what’s called possession of the basketball. Um, I would like to juke around said Marvey.",Perception
Athletics,"cheering] Alright. Surely you’ve got music for this, ! You have to have music, something from Space Jam! Yeah, you have dunk music? [Space Jam Theme Song plays] [audience cheering]",Athletics
Athletics,"ball and he’s gonna pass it to Marvey, and Marvey is running down the, the basketball lane, getting ready to score points [crosstalk] for their team. [crosstalk] I block him.",Athletics
Nature,"knees are gonzo. Alright 3, 2, 1, go! He throws open the door. Let’s roll initiative! [audience cheering] Hell yeah! {6538} [music fades in and back out for commercial break]",Nature
Athletics,"You pass it to Taako. I cast Bigby’s hand— [crosstalk] Okay okay okay— [crosstalk] that looks like Michael Jordan’s hand, and I shove it down his fuckin’ throat. [Audience laughs]",Athletics
Athletics,the room. Make… the most important athletics check of your entire life. I cast athletics boost on Taako! [Audience cheers] [laughing] You do! (muffled) It’s a SEVENTEEN! [Audience cheers more],Athletics
Deception,"offered us ten. Alfred ...Ten thousand? Merle Yep. They said ten, ten thousand. He uh... Euros. Well, I’m gonna need you to roll, a die, please, on. on [crosstalk] Okay—",Athletics
Deception,"a distraction. What do you dooo, herooooooeeeessssssss? I stand up— or [mumbling] Magnus stands up, I’m not Magnus— and points at Crush and goes, Magnus He’s bottom dealing! Ooh, good.",Deception
Deception,here. Magnus [super drunkenly] I-I charge this— he’s now— he’s bottom dealing! Hiccup! Hiccup! Crush He suddenly got super fake-drunk all of a— Magnus [sounds of protestation] I’m totally drunk!,Deception
Deception,"mean it’s like… [snorts] [audience laughs] Illusory Old Blue Eyes [stereotypical Italian mobster from Brooklyn accent] Ay, I’m r-really convinced by ah, this guy’s pukin’, ah… over here… [audience cheers]",Deception
Deception,"Italian mobster from Brooklyn accent] Ay, I’m r-really convinced by ah, this guy’s pukin’, ah… over here… [audience cheers] Roll a, roll a Deception check. Illusory Old Blue Eyes Booshk!",Deception
Stealth,"let me mark down my spell sheet— and walked to the other end of the hall. And I’m just kinda, like, enjoying— And Lup’s— Lup’s already over there, she, like—",Investigation
Insight,"inscrutable cloud, man! He says, Terry [original dweeby voice] I can get ya into the, into the, the vault. We’ll just split the loot five ways. What do ya say?",Persuasion
Arcana,"Uh, yeah, they just look— they look mostly decorative, but it’s axes and swords, some of them are made of silver, uh, some of them are made of gold… Mmmmmm….",Arcana
Arcana,"aren’t allowed to confront other gods here in the celestial plane. It’s forbidden. Magnus Okay, you should try a little Hair of the Cerberus. [Audience laughs] I don’t— oh, okay.",Arcana
Persuasion,"so loud here, I only— I caught bits and pieces, something about a magic jellyfish. Magnus Yeah. That's the only thing that matters. Taako So can I go past you?",Persuasion
Stealth,"M‘kay. Yeah. [a little sad] He tries to get through the door. He just can’t do it, he’s such a big Minotaur— We walk under his legs through the door.",Investigation
Stealth,"you could make him smaller, do you have a en-small-ing— Yeah, make him small-ified. Taako Hold on. I have magic powers, one sec. [Audience laughs and cheers] I open— [crosstalk]",Perception
Athletics,"did say out loud. Magnus I’m gonna jump at the fish, I’m gonna swim in the water, I’m gonna cut it open, I’m gonna save that guy I just killed!",Athletics
Athletics,"did say out loud. Magnus I’m gonna jump at the fish, I’m gonna swim in the water, I’m gonna cut it open, I’m gonna save that guy I just killed!",Athletics
Athletics,"did say out loud. Magnus I’m gonna jump at the fish, I’m gonna swim in the water, I’m gonna cut it open, I’m gonna save that guy I just killed!",Athletics
Acrobatics,"me the life back? Uh, I won’t kill you. [audience laughter, giggles] Alright, fuck it. I go running at the pit. Alright. You just jump right in? [audibly shrugging] Yeah.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"Um— [audience laughter because smiled] [sarcastic] Oh, good. Thank you Travie. I like to give ‘em a little somethin’, you know. [sarcastic] Yeah. Uh… I climb up to the landing.",Athletics
Performance,"step onto that glowing square, some blistering-fast techno music starts pounding through some massive speakers hanging overhead, and then all of a sudden there— THE ECSTASY! [ & audience laugh]",Performance
Performance,"step onto that glowing square, some blistering-fast techno music starts pounding through some massive speakers hanging overhead, and then all of a sudden there— THE ECSTASY! [ & audience laugh]",Performance
Perception,"state of being blown up. But this letter caught your eye, solely because of who sent it. It read Davenport Hey, gang, it’s your captain here. [audience cheers] Cap’nport! Davenport",Perception
History,"boat. Through, uh— Towards the rear of the ship, you notice some patches of unpainted wood covering up some considerable damage, with scorch marks barely peeking out from behind them.",Athletics
Perception,"Ahoy! Taako Ahoy. Merle [while retching] Ahoy. Uh, I’m gonna roll a— how far away are we? You’re a good fifty feet away. It does not respond to your “ahoy”s.",Perception
Deception,"the water! [The crowd laughs and applauds] Your move, ! Make a check, you’re gonna need to check for this one. I got the gum. But I have the gum.",Deception
Athletics,want me to read all the rules. [audience cheers] Any creature or object in the water and within 25 feet of the vortex is pulled 10 feet towards it. [,Athletics
Acrobatics,"| edit source Let’s hop right into it! Are you guys ready? [The three respond simultaneously, a enthusiastic “hell yes!” from , “yeah!” from , a hesitant “yeah?” from .]",Investigation
Acrobatics,"paper mâché, they built it, you know, out of something-- It’s funny that you ask that--totally paper mâché. Like this is like a--this is very much a set. Great! OK.",Perception
Acrobatics,Unless you wanna earn Teamwork Penalties! Magnus It’s not lava--it’s not lava! It’s a carpet! Art OK! And the loudspeaker clicks off. Magnus goes running across the planks or whatever.,Acrobatics
Athletics,"red carpet on the floor! Well, Merle walks across the red car--no, he doesn’t. Jumps across the red carpet! You’re gonna jump thirty horizontal feet? I am gonna jump! Yes!",Athletics
Athletics,0. Plus 0?! Plus 0! Perfect baby! Yeah! Let them bones roll! [chanting] Crit! Crit! Crit! Crit! Yeah! It’s an 8! It’s an--I can read! It’s an 8. You jump--,Stealth
Acrobatics,"the carpet, like one sixth of the way past this trial. Oh! No, I was jumping over where the plank is! So I landed on the plank at some point.",Perception
Athletics,"a grown man. OK! [Audience applause.] Or in this case, elf. It is effortless. I guess, as the case may be. It is effortless. Woop! Taako just goes across. Stuart",Athletics
Acrobatics,"and you on the bridge? Stuart I say Brad You did a wonderful job, Merle, keep going. And with that encouragement, I clear the rest of the planks. [Stuart laughs.]",Acrobatics
Athletics,"roll on the wall. This should be better for you! That’s a 5 plus 9. 14. I mean it’s a wall, so yeah, you get a-- It’s not gonna dodge!",Athletics
Athletics,"roll on the wall. This should be better for you! That’s a 5 plus 9. 14. I mean it’s a wall, so yeah, you get a-- It’s not gonna dodge!",Athletics
Acrobatics,"my pocket. [ & Audience laughing] Alright, tiny Garyl, what's that sound like? Garyl Yeah, fine. Magnus as Taako You're coming with me, Garyl! And I run across the boards!",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"to do Feather Fall on myself. Stuart Into the lava? You're gonna fall into the lava! No no no, it makes me really light so he can pick me up.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"him to fight really well. I like the idea of a superhero, with just like really powerful jumps and kicks. And his legs are very good. He kicks super good!",Athletics
Perception,"just kind of a generic song that would sound kinda like-- You’re describing a Coldplay song. (pause) ( snickering) Yeah. Okay, okay. So that’s it, it’s some kinda Coldplay-ish music.",Investigation
Intimidation,Jamie says--- I’m going to intimidate the shit out of Jamie. Jamie Guys don’t-don’t tell ’em anything. Don’t tell ’em anything. This is a competition and I wanna win it.,Intimidation
Athletics,"Let’s just go- let’s just go in order. Me uh- Nadiya Yep go. Irene Me, Remy-- Remy Alright. Irene Me, Remy and-- Grey, Flanagan and Addison break into a run.",Athletics
Athletics,"happens, at the same time, Remy, you feel that tingling sensation give like a huge surge. All through your body. Yeah, I’m gonna fuckin somersault right out of the way.",Perception
Investigation,"I think we’re supposed to be balancing sort of faith in science, at this point. Right? I think that’s what this statue is trying to get us to, to do.",Persuasion
Athletics,"cherubim zoom towards Nadiya, and Salome launches her first rumal straight at Remy. So, I would like you– Cherubims! Why did it have to be cherubims? [someone snorts with laughter]",Investigation
Athletics,"yeah, I'm just gonna do it. And then I imagine there's some sort of energy around my hand when I go in for this attack, right? Okay, yeah, like Ironfist.",Athletics
Performance,"right? [crosstalk] Yeah find out what Mary- wait, can we find out what Mary rolled before invoking things? Yeah you can keep adding onto it. So that’s a four, total.",Performance
Athletics,"think we need to finish this. Um. I say, Remy Well this sure didn’t last very long. And I jump at Martine to try to interrupt this hostage situation. [",Athletics
Intimidation,"it to Richard’s throat. [laughing slightly] Okay? Nadiya Martine, I think we’re done. Let’s say, let me think here for a second, gimme a second, I did not expect this.",Intimidation
Intimidation,"Okay? Nadiya Martine, I think we’re done. Let’s say, let me think here for a second, gimme a second, I did not expect this. Yeah I can roll to intimidate.",Intimidation
Athletics,"her right arm into a baseball bat and clobbers her, trying to knock her unconscious. [laughing] Oh no! Well. It all ends up being uh, a plus two, not great.",Athletics
Investigation,"stuff, if I’m being honest. And that’s… not great for us, I don’t think. Um, so. Do just a straight up and down investigation— what’s your Mind, ? Plus two.",Investigation
Persuasion,"said “silent as the grave” last week, gave me a hard time! Yeah, but like...I’m a ghost, so it’s like— [laughs] It resonates! So it’s hysterical. Those were his words.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"ghost, so it’s like— [laughs] It resonates! So it’s hysterical. Those were his words. J-man, give me a persuasion roll or something along those lines. Something you want to do.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"[laughs] It resonates! So it’s hysterical. Those were his words. J-man, give me a persuasion roll or something along those lines. Something you want to do. Mm, persuasion rolls. Mmm…",Persuasion
Perception,"seem reasonable. It’s kind of important, I feel like, for Errol in this situation to know if they’re packing heat. I don’t know if there’s a roll I can make.",Persuasion
Investigation,"detect any blood on it though, is that just by looking at it? Yeah. If I went a little bit deeper. Mmkay. I guess I could roll Bloodhound on it.",Investigation
Stealth,"lives alone. So you can feel pretty confident about using the key and whatnot without having to worry about repercussions. Well, I— still, we should be cautious, I feel like.",Stealth
Perception,"wish we could do, the one thing that would be great about like, playing in a virtual environment - I don’t make up rolls, by the way, whole-cloth. Huh? Yeah.",Investigation
Perception,"Okay. Yeah. [laughing] I lie about them being bad just for the comedy. Yeah, just keep it coming, funny. Perfect 20, perfect 20, perfect 20. [crosstalk] Uh, nat 20, yeah.",Insight
Perception,"Okay. Yeah. [laughing] I lie about them being bad just for the comedy. Yeah, just keep it coming, funny. Perfect 20, perfect 20, perfect 20. [crosstalk] Uh, nat 20, yeah.",Insight
Perception,"Okay. Yeah. [laughing] I lie about them being bad just for the comedy. Yeah, just keep it coming, funny. Perfect 20, perfect 20, perfect 20. [crosstalk] Uh, nat 20, yeah.",Insight
Investigation,"I haven’t really thought of it that way but it’s a perfect- it’s a perfect sort of, uh, like it’s a perfect little capsule of what this show is-- Yeah.",Insight
Nature,"I haven’t really thought of it that way but it’s a perfect- it’s a perfect sort of, uh, like it’s a perfect little capsule of what this show is-- Yeah.",Insight
Insight,"I haven’t really thought of it that way but it’s a perfect- it’s a perfect sort of, uh, like it’s a perfect little capsule of what this show is-- Yeah.",Insight
Insight,"I haven’t really thought of it that way but it’s a perfect- it’s a perfect sort of, uh, like it’s a perfect little capsule of what this show is-- Yeah.",Insight
Insight,"I haven’t really thought of it that way but it’s a perfect- it’s a perfect sort of, uh, like it’s a perfect little capsule of what this show is-- Yeah.",Insight
Animal Handling,"very many notes here. It was- “our heroes met.” That’s the prequel episode. Done. That’s it. Uh, [crosstalk] Here There Be Gerblins- [crosstalk] I’m just kiddin’. [TAZ theme starts playing]",Animal Handling
Deception,"sort of more designed around that? Uh, and I’m gonna reference [crosstalk] Friends at— [crosstalk] And we’ve already been playing this version of D&D as rules-light as we possibly could.",Perception
Deception,"sort of more designed around that? Uh, and I’m gonna reference [crosstalk] Friends at— [crosstalk] And we’ve already been playing this version of D&D as rules-light as we possibly could.",Perception
Insight,"questions here that we can sort of address this at— Rob asked, and this is something that was got from a lot of folks in a lot of different iterations",Perception
Acrobatics,"questions here that we can sort of address this at— Rob asked, and this is something that was got from a lot of folks in a lot of different iterations",Perception
Perception,"questions here that we can sort of address this at— Rob asked, and this is something that was got from a lot of folks in a lot of different iterations",Perception
Medicine,"Recorded in Toronto at Trench Recordings. Sound design by Eli McIlveen. Produced by Sean Howard. The Axe & Crown is a Forgery League production. To find out more, visit forgeryleague.com.",Medicine
Perception,"Recorded in Toronto at Trench Recordings. Sound design by Eli McIlveen. Produced by Sean Howard. The Axe & Crown is a Forgery League production. To find out more, visit forgeryleague.com.",Medicine
Persuasion,"Well, maybe if you close your eyes and pray real hard to Hönsflär. STAN Pray to who? Hönsflär Nüuki, the love goddess. STAN Would that work? You can try. STAN",Persuasion
Perception,systems. Dungeon World is basically Dungeons & Dragons ported over to the Apocalypse system. And it’s super fun. And I loved it. So that’s the one we ended up choosing.,Perception
Perception,"loved it. So that’s the one we ended up choosing. And along the way, I was one of the many people who lived through your tirades about Perception checks. (groans)",Perception
Perception,"to remember that. Can you see the paper you’re referencing now, Michael? You’d better roll to check. (laughs) Is that car coming towards us while we’re driving? I don’t know.",Insight
Perception,"to remember that. Can you see the paper you’re referencing now, Michael? You’d better roll to check. (laughs) Is that car coming towards us while we’re driving? I don’t know.",Insight
Medicine,"were specific to your race. I love the fairy cake, so I’ll read it. And I think we read it in Episode 1 or 2. It comes up pretty quickly.",Medicine
Medicine,"were specific to your race. I love the fairy cake, so I’ll read it. And I think we read it in Episode 1 or 2. It comes up pretty quickly.",Medicine
Athletics,"or really hardy? And Charisma is your charisma. It’s how good you are at interacting with people or influencing people. And so yeah, it has the same ones as D&D.",Athletics
Medicine,"would roll the… I’ll do it again. (laughs) You’re laughing while I roll the dice! Because you keep rolling ones! I know. I’m rolling really bad, everyone. He tries again.",Medicine
Perception,"things that can really get monotonous in Dungeons & Dragons. How does it work in Dungeon World? Is it the same type of—try and hit, and then if you hit…?",Perception
Acrobatics,"playing… Yeah, okay. I didn’t have a chance to do anything, so… you know, got shot in the back… MARIS I had a sick dive roll, I might remind you.",Acrobatics
Medicine,"first use of a move. So, fairy cakes actually have a move associated with them. And you had some damage at one point… MARIS Mmm hmm. I had 1 damage.",Medicine
Perception,know. Maybe the Emperor also came back in time and set up his lovely Impescor brand that we all have come to appreciate so much. (AS BLAT) All right. MARIS,Perception
Perception,"(sadly) Oh, Glytha… Pretty fast, as a lumbering… like, she’s using her hands and her feet, and charging. And the claws are, I’d say five inches long. (AS BLAT) Bazooka!",Perception
Stealth,"MARIS Yes. Okay. So I stagger up, or I crawl over—I’m obviously very disoriented. And I just touch Blat’s ankle. Yup. MARIS And I cast Cure Light Wounds. Roll it!",Stealth
Perception,as the three adventurers snuggle together in the cold fae rain. MIDROL Theme music plays. ANNOUNCE It’s the beginning of the middle of the End of Time and Other Bothers.,Athletics
Medicine,"with your wounds there. MARIS So I reach out and I touch him and I use Cure Light Wounds. Roll for Spell. MARIS …which is… Oh, no, it’s a… MARIS",Medicine
Investigation,"his wife Betty, and they sacrificed five children… His voice fades out. MIDROL Music sting. ANNOUNCE It’s the beginning of the middle of The End of Time and Other Bothers.",Perception
Perception,note. MARIS (whispering) That’s why we support and listen to each other. (whispering) What? Laughter. CARTE (loudly) Have we started recording yet? Music sting. ANNOUNCE A Fable and Folly production.,Perception
Animal Handling,you back! E (AS EGGERTON) Mixing Bowl! It’s been so long. N (AS THE MIXING BOWL) Yeah! It’s good. You haven’t forgotten anything I taught you. E (AS EGGERTON) Yeah!,Animal Handling
Perception,laughter) Ha ha! This is gonna be fun! MARISA (AS DARCY) Aaaaaaaa! MIDROL Music sting. ANNOUNCE It’s… the beginning of the middle of The End of Time and Other Bothers.,Nature
Medicine,"damage, or the restoration. Restoration, which I’ve not done in a while. Um… I’m just gonna roll 2d6 and see what happens. No, I think it’s a—isn’t it a d8?",Medicine
Perception,"cool—it is basically about exploring an alien world, and it’s really well done, and I recommend it highly. And that’s it! Let’s get you back to the show. Music sting.",Perception
Perception,"cool—it is basically about exploring an alien world, and it’s really well done, and I recommend it highly. And that’s it! Let’s get you back to the show. Music sting.",Perception
Acrobatics,"on people. Fairies are people, monkey boy. Focus, please. His pulse is strong and fast. So clearly, his humours are out of balance, with an excess of blood in the—",Acrobatics
Animal Handling,"out our Patreon. Donors get weekly bonus content, early access to episodes, and an invite to our wonderful fan community on Discord. Look for the Patreon link at albasalix.com.INTRODUCTIO EL",Animal Handling
Perception,"Maybe it is. Maybe I'll meet someone that can help me with this. Give it to , he'll read it for you.[laughter] Yeah, you know. Oh man. Yeah, that's .",Perception
Athletics,"squeeze in there, like, ugh- Y'all like jump up a little bit to get into it- Our feet are dangling. We have to climb up the side of the chair.",Athletics
Athletics,"squeeze in there, like, ugh- Y'all like jump up a little bit to get into it- Our feet are dangling. We have to climb up the side of the chair.",Athletics
Perception,"No, I'm into- I'm into my form. I see him hop up, but I don't pay much attention to it. After all the time I spent in the forest, I-",Persuasion
Perception,"TV, and like, you know, but if you want to be on that, you would have to roll a perception roll. So what did you roll again, ? A twenty-five.",Perception
Perception,got some sweet percussion I can add to my set up. (as Raz'ul) ? (as ) I've got nothing better to do. (as Raz'ul) That makes me feel great. Okay.,Perception
Deception,"miffed. Can you just have him look down? I roll for it, and he's not interested. Aaaahah. I say- (as ) No, for real! It's really bad on your shirt.",Deception
Perception,"strings? (as Bradward) Noo, I don't have guitar strings. I deal in like, food, lodgings- (as Raz'ul) Oh, right, you deal more in the edible- (as Bradward) -stuff like that.",Persuasion
Perception,"to- Got a little spooky. Yeah, exactly! You know- it's kind of- It’s close to Halloween so- Yeah! Oh, wooo! Maybe it was all just a big prank. Maybe![Players laugh]",Arcana
Investigation,"it’s not as good as it did. And you both see walking out and he’s like, you know, stretching from his nap and kind of looks at ya’ll and smiles.",Investigation
Investigation,"And you both see walking out and he’s like, you know, stretching from his nap and kind of looks at ya’ll and smiles. Could I- [laughs] roll investigation, I guess?",Investigation
Perception,"at ya’ll and smiles. Could I- [laughs] roll investigation, I guess? Yes, you can roll an investigation- I mean- I mean, I guess- Yeah absolutely, roll it. Okay. That’s perfect.",Perception
Perception,"[laughs] roll investigation, I guess? Yes, you can roll an investigation- I mean- I mean, I guess- Yeah absolutely, roll it. Okay. That’s perfect. Does the perception check cover that?",Perception
Perception,"to do a deception retch?[Players laugh] To see if I can like, fake it and convince him? Yeah, go for it! I’m disgusted- that is a fifteen plus six, twenty-one.",Deception
Perception,"do the second one? [laughs] Yeah, good for it. Oh well, I'll just go for it then. Not as good, so twenty-one. Okay- [laughing] He’s just holding this paper and-",Perception
Perception,"making your way to the library shortly after you had passed by Garreth. You just hear chuckle to himself a little bit. Wait, do we know he picked the paper?",Stealth
Stealth,"just hear chuckle to himself a little bit. Wait, do we know he picked the paper? You didn’t give me a perception check so no you don’t. Okay. I’m stealthy.",Stealth
Stealth,"just hear chuckle to himself a little bit. Wait, do we know he picked the paper? You didn’t give me a perception check so no you don’t. Okay. I’m stealthy.",Stealth
Perception,that how it works? Like if he rolls a stealth check do we also have to roll to see if we noticed him do whatever he did ever so stealthily?,Stealth
Stealth,"you want to like perceive beyond your normal perception you can just say, “I want to make a perception check” to see if you see anything above the norm. Gotcha.",Perception
Perception,"do that- Right, okay. Unless they informed you of the plan. So, I guess- Contextual yeah- So, I guess for our purposes is you feel so inclined to this- Yeah-",Perception
Sleight of Hand,by himself now and he’s looking around on the ground like in the area where he was. Okay- As you approach. I still want to just sneak it to him.,Sleight of Hand
Perception,"but well done, well done! And the machine starts to churn and begins to churn out the- Does it do anything extra special for ? Does it purr a little?",Perception
Perception,the machine starts to churn and begins to churn out the- Does it do anything extra special for ? Does it purr a little? No. Give me a perception check.,Perception
Persuasion,"back tomorrow. They're just doing this construction right now so- (as ) This’ll be quick. We just need to get in, get out and we’ll be out of your hair.",Persuasion
Perception,"(as ) Perfect! Yeah you know and he’s like- (as Elf) Quick, go on. (as ) Yah![All laugh] And I smack you on the hind quarters! [Neighs loudly and laughs]",Investigation
Deception,"with the rest of the crew whats uh..what’s going on? Where'd you come from? (as ) Oh, I'm new here, a new hire. I'm just trying to learn the job.",Deception
Investigation,"I go- (as ) Yoohoo!! We turn around and do a sweet little jump. Oh okay, so we’re doing like a little bit! Ya’ll turn around, make an intelligence check.",Investigation
Perception,"jump. Oh okay, so we’re doing like a little bit! Ya’ll turn around, make an intelligence check. [Rolls dice] Would it be like an investigation or is it a straight-",Investigation
Perception,"what’s that noise down there!? George go check that out! ( ) , stop! (as ) Sorry, I guess that was kind of loud. (as ) Yeah, a little bit.",Perception
Performance,"Well uh, listen guys- Raz'ul came to dance so that’s what ’s gonna do. So, if you guys wanna go check out some crazy doors I'm just gonna be, da-da-da-da-da-dancin'.",Performance
Persuasion,"little on my own, maybe start some hamboning-[All laugh] I don’t have any spoons with me but I can- Can we uh- It’s the only kind of dancing I know.",Persuasion
Deception,"an aww as in, “Aww, you get to go on a field trip with your students!” (as Symbol) Oh, it sounded like an aw like..”I can’t believe you’re coming along.”",Deception
Deception,"a field trip with your students!” (as Symbol) Oh, it sounded like an aw like..”I can’t believe you’re coming along.” Should I roll a deception check? ..I don’t know![All laugh]",Deception
Intimidation,semest- oh.[Someone gasps] (as Symbol) Okay! (as ) What!? (as Symbol) Nothing! We’ll get to it later! (as ) Uh- (as Symbol) You’ll be more than prepared for it I-,Intimidation
Intimidation,(as Symbol) Nothing! We’ll get to it later! (as ) Uh- (as Symbol) You’ll be more than prepared for it I- Can I roll an intimidation check? [Laughs] On Splash?,Intimidation
Deception,"Shh! (as ) I mean, it was given to me! I like elbow you in the leg like, “ , shut up.” (as ) It was given to me I-",Deception
Deception,"was given to me! I like elbow you in the leg like, “ , shut up.” (as ) It was given to me I- Roll deception. Now you’ve done it.",Deception
Perception,[Away from mic] Come on back![Door closes] Okay so uh- [sing-song] We’re baack! you’re mid conversation when this is happening so I'm not gonna give you a perception on this-,Perception
Perception,"[sing-song] We’re baack! you’re mid conversation when this is happening so I'm not gonna give you a perception on this- I was about to say, lemme guess perception roll time!",Perception
Perception,"and jamming down a little bit with Symbol, and breaking free of ’s anxiety over dancing. Hurray! Yeah, so let’s go ahead and pick back up there real quick. Yeah!",Investigation
Stealth,"Hey, get out here. I turn to Symbol and say- (as ) I did say after you Splash, but fine. And I mosey on out. [Chuckles] He kind of chuckles.",Stealth
Stealth,"I mosey on out. [Chuckles] He kind of chuckles. So, while we’re out there can I roll a stealth check? I want to say something to and without Symbol hearing.",Stealth
Deception,") Oh! (as Symbol) You didn’t learn his name? (as ) Uh no, uh- (as Symbol) Mitch is great. (as ) I said I have an itch. (as Symbol) Oh.",Deception
Perception,"of Mitch, get back in the carriage, get nestled in. We're gonna try to, you know, boost it on down the trail; try to get down there a little quicker.",Investigation
Insight,"before, which is named Themarcels. [Players laugh]. A blue moon called Themarcels? Yeah, the blue moon called Themarcels. [Laughing] The Marcels wrote Blue Moon for anyone-[All players understand the concept]",Stealth
Stealth,"say- (as ) Mitch, hide! He tries to run off and hide and like the jackal-were holding the chain like- he gets choked up on it and like, tugged back.",Stealth
Stealth,"pain and part of her like cries out, part of roars a little bit too. Any movement or is that wrapping up your turn ? I’m just gonna stay hidden.",Stealth
Perception,"force. The pillows that are behind them however, fly up in a flurry- [Excited] Heck yeah! And whatnot and tossed every which way. Do they explode and there’s feathers everywhere!?",Investigation
Sleight of Hand,"in a like, stealthful way? That the creatures wouldn’t notice something that I've deployed? What are you trying to deploy? The hole that I have. Oh, yeah- The portable hole-",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"that. Is Jairah big enough to fit in it? Yeah. Okay cool then yeah, I'd like to deploy that in front of us I guess, in between us and her.",Sleight of Hand
Persuasion,"like, Christopher Lloyd in Roger Rabbit where he just-[Players laughing] Throws that black circle onto the ground- That’s exactly what I want it to be, yeah- And it lands perfectly-",Persuasion
Stealth,"c’mon come Jairah. (as ) I bet you can’t find me! So yeah, I'm gonna taunt her and say she can’t find me, I'm gonna go back into hiding. Okay.",Stealth
Acrobatics,"since- So, you have two that are up on you so I'm gonna make constitutions for both. [Rolls dice] How do tens do? Thirteen. Okay, well that is successful- Yay!",Acrobatics
Stealth,so to do that you’re going to have to move past the jackals that are in the nearby vicinity. Moving that directions is going to provoke and attack of opportunity.,Stealth
Perception,"see like, a little window opening where maybe we can run up and huddle a la like, Aladdin? When he gets transported by Jafar and the tower rolls over them?",Perception
Acrobatics,"on. you plow right into it and you’re caught off-guard-[Players laugh] , go ahead and give me a strength check. [Nervous] Okay, oh boy.. [rolls dice] uh, that’s a seven.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"you’re like, “ah!” falling forward and- Can I um, maybe try to catch him like a football?[Someone laughs] Give me a dexterity check- I am already good at football so-",Athletics
Athletics,you- [Disgusted] Ugh.. And everything- This is the second time as an animal- Yeah- I’ve had poop on me. It’s okay. First time was your own doing.[All agreeing and laughing],Athletics
Athletics,"do, by all means! [Nervous] Okay! Do you want to do it? [Nervous] It’s- it’s up to you! Yup! I mean, we don’t have a lot of other options. Okay-",Persuasion
Perception,"in the temple jump, made up for it in a big way! Yup! So, you’ve made it to the edge of town and you’re exhausted, panting and sweating. And croaking.",Athletics
Deception,"Oh no- So, for instance my wisdom is plus two, my charisma is plus two and I’ve been doing plus three instead- instead of adding plus three plus two. So-",Stealth
Deception,"three plus two. So- Does that mean you would have done better on those deception checks? Yeah, pretty much![Players laugh] Really!? I’ve been playing with a handicap this whole time!",Persuasion
Deception,off with this. I didn’t catch any of your names. (as ) I’m ! (as Old Dwarf) . (as ) . (as Old Dwarf) . (as ) And I’m Mac.,Deception
Arcana,"and since Splash didn’t seem super concerned. Well I do have a needle that never bends, could I just-[Players laugh] Just sew it up?[Players laugh] Let’s not do that again.",Arcana
Performance,"the spoons from the table that I was using and just kind of tap it against the table on the side a little bit, like the leg of the table.",Performance
Acrobatics,"to turn again and they’re all looking at you like, “do we have a problem?” somebody steps forward and is like- (as Townsperson) Is there- is there a problem here?",Acrobatics
Stealth,"to turn again and they’re all looking at you like, “do we have a problem?” somebody steps forward and is like- (as Townsperson) Is there- is there a problem here?",Acrobatics
Stealth,"and do a stealth check so I can be hidden-[All laugh] From all of this nonsense. So- Go right ahead- Acrobatics, that is a..sixteen plus nine, twenty-five. [Amused] Okay.[ giggling]",Stealth
Perception,"uh- they'll set up the tents. We can at least be ready for your people, that’s about all I can do but I'm sorry for you and your town’s loss.",Persuasion
Perception,"a good grade, or whatever it is they do over at Strumlotts.[Players chuckle] (as John) Um, and impress your teacher. (as ) Well, alright. Do we see Big Shot around?",Perception
Stealth,"the kid Hoo just says- (as Hoo) [Panicked] Wha- what did you do!? I can’t see anything! (as ) [Scolding] ! Rude! (as ) [Softly] Aaand.. (as ) Honestly, wha-",Investigation
Stealth,"dice] That’s sixteen plus nine for stealth![Players laugh] Okay, so you kind of cast the spell and then you realize for a second what you’ve done- Jump under the bed!",Stealth
Investigation,"is your adventure! ’s not a game shark. Yeah, right? I'm not a game gen. Yeah! Game genie? Alright, fine. Well, here we go! Let’s do some- some dream investigation.",Investigation
Deception,"notices you and says- (as Connor) Hey! What are you doing over there little guy!? (as ) Uh, checking your supplies, making sure we’re all stocked and ready to go!",Perception
Insight,books. (as ) Oh! (as Jermaine) Uh- yeah! The corner of one came down and really got me good on there. (as ) [Suspicious] That’s a pretty impressive book dropping.,Insight
Performance,"ya and if you wanna play along with me you’re welcome to it. So, I'm gonna start tapping I'm like- (as ) [Metal clinking together] Watch me! It's really fun!",Performance
Performance,"ya and if you wanna play along with me you’re welcome to it. So, I'm gonna start tapping I'm like- (as ) [Metal clinking together] Watch me! It's really fun!",Performance
Investigation,the books-[All laugh] Okay! In doing so I'm just gonna start gathering them and like try to look at as many covers as I can as fast as I can.,Investigation
Persuasion,"I shouldn’t say. (as ) Well, can you spill a little bit or? (as Connor) I am honor bound to my king and even though you may be his son-",Persuasion
Performance,"kin. (as ) Oh, Awesome. Do we have like a dwarf handshake that we do? Yeah, totally! Okay, we do it! And It's perfect. Slap, dab, and take a nap!",Performance
Performance,"kin. (as ) Oh, Awesome. Do we have like a dwarf handshake that we do? Yeah, totally! Okay, we do it! And It's perfect. Slap, dab, and take a nap!",Performance
Investigation,might be able to take care of that.[Players agreeing] (as Symbol) We’re in the middle of nowhere right now. (as ) Let’s go investigate. (as ) Okay. (as Symbol) Alright.,Investigation
Perception,"to and- And the drift globe? [Chuckles] Yeah. Yeah, I turn it to a very warming, comforting hue. Yeah, you can just hold it next to your little cheek.[All chuckle]",Perception
Insight,"audible] Eh, that’s fine. (as ) I- do you wanna go first? What do you wanna do Whimpy? (as Whimpy) [Mumbling, barely audible] I don’t care, I can go first.",Investigation
Perception,"do with the sand castles earlier was build like a sand witch castle. Yeah? [laughs] Try to- It’s really white sand, you could make a white castle. [Defeated] Oh, god.",Investigation
Stealth,"Great success. Alright, since you cast pass without a trace are you trying to move stealthy from here on out? Yes- I assume we should all roll- Oh, my goodness-",Stealth
Stealth,"since you cast pass without a trace are you trying to move stealthy from here on out? Yes- I assume we should all roll- Oh, my goodness- Roll for stealth-",Stealth
Stealth,"there windows we could peek in? Yeah, let’s go up there and peek in the windows. Okay. Do we need to do a fresh stealth or are we still stealthy?",Stealth
Stealth,"let’s go up there and peek in the windows. Okay. Do we need to do a fresh stealth or are we still stealthy? Nah, we’ll hold onto the stealth checks.",Stealth
Investigation,a large Splash and it sounds like something lands on the shoreline and you just hear this- [choking gasping] Uh oh. Let’s investigate! Let’s go! Let’s go check it out!,Investigation
Stealth,"up going- (as ) Hey, hey! You know, this is exactly what I wanted to check for okay? You’re serious, I get it. And while ’s doing that- Me too-",Perception
Stealth,"really really softly- Alright- And whispers to himself- (as ) [To the tune of Transformers theme] Transformers, ’s now a fish.[All laugh] And I disguise myself as a Gil boy!",Stealth
Stealth,"but instead of a black robe he’s wearing like a James Brown super glittery- And only you can see it, yeah. Only I can see it and I’m like, “ayy!”",Perception
Stealth,"(as Erin) I think that’s the direction we’re gonna be headed but I dunno what we’re gonna find in there so yeah, I guess move on if ya’ll are ready.",Investigation
Stealth,"ten- Yeah, plus ten. Oh! That’s a fourteen. Sweet. Thirteen plus nine, plus ten. Right. Nineteen plus one plus ten! Right, okay, cool, cool, cool. Leave us alone, ![Players chuckle]",Stealth
Athletics,"do that. Yes, remember that, ! Next time friggin’ Squid Vicious comes on the intercom! Sure, okay. I’ll remember you have a bowl on your head. Alright- Keep on climbing!",Athletics
Sleight of Hand,out my Ira Glass and pull it up to my mouth and just go- (as ) [Coughing] Symbol! -and just try to activate it so that Splash can hear and-,Sleight of Hand
Perception,"sphincter. I guess like a sphincter. Yeah, but that’s really what it’s called. That’s like the term for those- Yes. -right? Yes, it is. Sphincter says what?[Players laugh] Oh boy!",Arcana
Deception,Nobody said anything. You called me and then I didn’t hear anything other- (as ) [sighs] Jeez. (as ) You heard a “brr”?[Players laugh] (as ) That wasn’t me. Anyway-,Deception
Nature,"Anybody got any glue? Does Zil have any like zombie goo coming off of him that we could use as an adhesive? , is there any goo? A stony adhesive?",Nature
Investigation,"you’d see fifteen feet around. And there’s a bunch of liquid inside of it, but there’s nothing else in there. I’d like to investigate that a little bit. Me too.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"on this dome, it’s fairly easy to get some handholds, footholds. Oh, perfect. I’ll climb on up there, then. Nice. Okay. Aaand we’re up there. And I’m gonna toss ya.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"to land? Probably on that dome. Okay. Let’s just try to swing down the rope like DuckTales. Ohhh, you guys have fun with that. She says she’s jumping. [Sadly] Oh.",Acrobatics
Arcana,with a – upside down A with a tilde going through it. Okay. No instructions or anything? [Players laugh] [Laughing] No instructions. Right. No. “Step 1…” “Open flask.” Oh man.,Arcana
Arcana,"or anything? [Players laugh] [Laughing] No instructions. Right. No. “Step 1…” “Open flask.” Oh man. Can I do like an arcana check on it, see if I know what’s up?",Arcana
Survival,"fine. (as ) Alright. Let’s go get Jermaine. Okay. So you all head back to where you had left Jermaine, but Jermaine’s not there. (as ) Uh-oh. (as ) Sweet.",Survival
Survival,"fine. (as ) Alright. Let’s go get Jermaine. Okay. So you all head back to where you had left Jermaine, but Jermaine’s not there. (as ) Uh-oh. (as ) Sweet.",Survival
Perception,"out here for a while, maybe forever. But it’s up to you guys. I don’t really care. I call out- (as ) Jermaine? (as ) Jermaine! (as ) You here?",Survival
Deception,"Chaos Sauce. (as ) Yeah, I don’t remember that happening. (as ) Yeah. (as Garreth) Yeah, no, I think I would recognize at least two shorties and a big tall-",Deception
Stealth,"Splash. Awww! I go over and give Splash a big hug! He opens his arms wide for all of you. Aww, yes! Alright, bring it in! Jump on in there.",Stealth
Stealth,"great. (as Symbol) Catch y'all later, and enjoy the rest of your weekend. (as ) Yeah. (as Symbol) I’ll talk to you on Monday, if not sooner. (as ) Alright.",Stealth
Deception,"What is the deal?! (as ) I’m sorry. It’s just a fun game we’ve been playing as like, see if you can get Splash’s hair. [Players laugh] Sorry. I’m so-",Persuasion
Perception,"you do hear a few whispers in the hall as you pass through. [Whispering] Chaos Sauce, Chaos Sauce! [Whispering] I hear they’re damn good.[Players laugh] Damn right! [Whispering] Damn right.",Perception
Performance,"do what they’re doing with the swords with my hammers. So I’ll stick the, I guess, loops on my wrists? Okay. I’m just gonna start swinging them in front. Okay.",Performance
Performance,"do what they’re doing with the swords with my hammers. So I’ll stick the, I guess, loops on my wrists? Okay. I’m just gonna start swinging them in front. Okay.",Performance
Acrobatics,"that ledge. Say you wanna kick someone towards that ledge, you can do so using this flourish. Let me at least show you real quick what I’m [straining] talking about.",Acrobatics
Insight,"faces for different performances. You – you know, much like how your Mantle of Inspiration allows you to look a little bit different – as does mine – different face.",Investigation
Persuasion,"Aw, man, yes! Eighteen plus five. You can tell he’s not being truthful with you. (as ) Aww. Splash. Splash? (as Symbol) Yes? (as ) Come on. (as Symbol) No.",Persuasion
Perception,"So, cool. Yeah, I was about to say that’s why I yelled. Yeah, you definitely know that that’s the case. [under his breath] Thank god.[Jaunty holiday music begins to play]",Perception
Arcana,"I’m not familiar. (as ) Well listen, why don’t you keep getting your steps in and then we’ll go take care of your sister. You got any tips? Or what?",Perception
Investigation,maybe get him to focus in such a way or show me around his. his lab in such a way that I can kind of gather where he's at? 6,Investigation
Persuasion,"but he kind of like, takes back- he kinda like takes a bit back and says, 'I'm sorry, are you an assistant?' 943 'In a matter of speaking, yes.' 9",Persuasion
Investigation,"studying one of these orbs. , as Zenia, would you please give me an Intelligence check? With advantage. 2148 Thank you. Eddie 2155 From a 2 to a 20. 21",Insight
Survival,"was fun.' You find yourself in a side alley and in unknown part of Ravnica. 3018 I have no gold anymore. 3019 Yes, everything is gone. 3020 Okay. Andrew 30",Survival
Survival,"was fun.' You find yourself in a side alley and in unknown part of Ravnica. 3018 I have no gold anymore. 3019 Yes, everything is gone. 3020 Okay. Andrew 30",Survival
Survival,"alley and in unknown part of Ravnica. 3018 I have no gold anymore. 3019 Yes, everything is gone. 3020 Okay. Andrew 3021 Can we roll Survival to orient ourselves? 30",Survival
Survival,"alley and in unknown part of Ravnica. 3018 I have no gold anymore. 3019 Yes, everything is gone. 3020 Okay. Andrew 3021 Can we roll Survival to orient ourselves? 30",Survival
Investigation,"no hobos, there's just nothing. It's like a place that just nobody would bother come to. Accessible, but just sort of out of sight for so many reasons. Andrew 31",Investigation
Stealth,"I imagine to be a hidden door. 3146 Yes, please. 3148 I'm joining him in that regard. With a natural one! I'm switching dice, everybody, 3154 I got 23. 31",Investigation
Investigation,"I imagine to be a hidden door. 3146 Yes, please. 3148 I'm joining him in that regard. With a natural one! I'm switching dice, everybody, 3154 I got 23. 31",Investigation
Investigation,as he shrinks and shrivels and where there once was an elf there is now a giant centipede that slithers its way in between the crevice of the door. 35,Investigation
Survival,"will, but we're not at fourth level yet. 438 We're not at fourth level. 441 I'm a Minotaur. 442 Keen Mind feels useful, but I don't have it yet. 4",Survival
Survival,"will, but we're not at fourth level yet. 438 We're not at fourth level. 441 I'm a Minotaur. 442 Keen Mind feels useful, but I don't have it yet. 4",Survival
Investigation,dead Kraul warriors farther into the tongue. Doubling in number from what you actually fought towards the front. 522 Can we do a quick investigation to see the cause? 5,Investigation
Medicine,"you wouldn't see anyone. 653 Great, thank you. Andrew 654 The movement is a wounded Kraul? 657 Yes. Andrew 658 Lorzatch will approach and speak to it in Kraul. 7",Medicine
Medicine,I am pinned down.' And you kind of peel a thing away and realize that there is a Simic spear sort of pinning him down into the dirt. Andrew 9,Medicine
Survival,to- you guys are given a Kraul escort to lead you out of here as it is clear you guys need to make it to the surface. AD BREAK 22,Survival
Survival,to- you guys are given a Kraul escort to lead you out of here as it is clear you guys need to make it to the surface. AD BREAK 22,Survival
Nature,"ability you just have to- 2349 I'm a very high Nature count. So if someone wants to assist my way through that. Andrew 2353 So, Lorzatch rolled a 23. 23",Nature
Investigation,"4037 I mean I'm a good investigator and I have a really good Perception, but no I don't have, like, Detect Trap. 4043 I'm a good investigator too. Andrew 40",Investigation
Perception,"4037 I mean I'm a good investigator and I have a really good Perception, but no I don't have, like, Detect Trap. 4043 I'm a good investigator too. Andrew 40",Investigation
Athletics,"going to go through the water to get there? 125 Um, kinda. I mean you can't breathe underwater, so you'll be in like some sort of balloon. 133 Ooh. 1",Perception
Perception,he's casting a little bit of light in front of me but also walking next to her because Zenia is misguided in thinking that Frank is comforting whatsoever. So. 6,Perception
Medicine,"Andrew throws some very silent middle fingers toward the DM. Lennox, you are up. Eddie 2848 Lennox heals himself. For max healing. 2852 You guys roll max- 2854 YEAH! 28",Medicine
Medicine,"max. 3742 Not max, but not bad. 3745 Fist bump for the DM. 3746 Whoo! 3751 Up until that roll, I'm not kidding, I've been telling for the entire campaign",Medicine
Investigation,"'It's interesting that he was fixated on this particular equipment, because the item in question was found at the bottom of the Simic well.' 3234 So, . 3235 Yes. 32",Investigation
Investigation,all over the map? It's not in like a sort of concentrated area? 3740 So it is all located within the reach of this particular power grid. 3745 Ah. 37,Investigation
Stealth,he's going to very quietly signal that everyone close on his position as fast as they can. 123 Loudly or quietly? Andrew 124 Quietly. 125 Should we sneak? Andrew 1,Stealth
Medicine,"Yes. 3827 You now have a mood ring. No, but you do have you do have a a nice looking ring with a black gem on it. Lorzatch. Andrew 38",Medicine
Perception,"Yes. 3827 You now have a mood ring. No, but you do have you do have a a nice looking ring with a black gem on it. Lorzatch. Andrew 38",Medicine
Investigation,"I think, okay to look but not touch. 4226 Okay. Andrew 4226 Maybe? 4226 Is that a warning that you maybe? I think I also hear him say that. 42",Perception
Perception,"4249 90. 4249 That's a D 10. You have to roll it again. 4249 Oh, sorry. Eddie 4249 You have to roll both of them. 4251 Oh, shoot. Sorry. 42",Persuasion
Medicine,"be adorned two per belt. Andrew 4500 Double belt. 4501 Double belt, you prick. Andrew 4504 No, but- 4505 Wow, got around that puzzle real quick, didn't he? Andrew 45",Medicine
Insight,"He takes like a very cautious step back at the word of infection and you get the sense that there's a bit of... 'ew.' Like, in his manner. Eddie 8",Perception
Persuasion,"1305 'Purely for a security detail. I happen to have a rather nice place to stay. Say, 200 zinos a week?' Eddie 1311 'Let's say 250.' 1313 'Mr. Alfonso--' 13",Persuasion
Intimidation,"station! My job is here, waiting for you to end this quarantine so we can get back to work! Do you see these goblins--' 3046 'I am asking nicely!' 30",Intimidation
Perception,"in front of her. But I'm perfectly comfortable at least sneaking around. I know that there would be danger involved. But no, I don't think they would let us... 39",Perception
Insight,"line?' 5113 'Oh, the unaffiliated rail line. Yes, I bought my train from them.' 5117 'And do you yourself hold any guild affiliation?' 5121 'No, I do not.' Eddie 51",Insight
Perception,have an audience in the morning. Eddie 5425 I say we take a rest and go back. 5428 Get our Zone of Truth re-slotted. Eddie 5432 Among other things. 54,Perception
Stealth,guards. Let's do this. Bad at the job. 5551 What would you like to do? Andrew 5552 Lorzatch is going to... 5554 Make a sneak check? Andrew 5555 Yes. 55,Stealth
Perception,"out, you also left Brevin behind. So sometimes we need to turn this a little inward.' 348 'Don't you need to go blow yourself up somewhere?' 350 'Not yet.' 3",Investigation
Medicine,"that are etched into the orb that Lorzatch has. 1246 No the orb is, is and always has been, just a perfect pristine metal sphere. Andrew 1253 Got it. 12",Medicine
Medicine,what was on her person and not part of somebody else's person. 1432 'Are the bodies contagious at this point?' 'I have absolutely no idea.' I start moving the... 14,Medicine
Survival,"have it in mine.' 1756 'Is it safe?' 'Okay, we need to get to the surface immediately.' Andrew 1758 'No.' 'Agreed.' 1803 'By the way, my name is Parax.' 18",Survival
Survival,"have it in mine.' 1756 'Is it safe?' 'Okay, we need to get to the surface immediately.' Andrew 1758 'No.' 'Agreed.' 1803 'By the way, my name is Parax.' 18",Survival
Survival,"beg of you please go now.' 2456 'Yes, ma'am.' AD BREAK 2536 You guys are off, racing your way. Yes. 2539 Zenia just charges and expects everyone else to... 25",Survival
Survival,"beg of you please go now.' 2456 'Yes, ma'am.' AD BREAK 2536 You guys are off, racing your way. Yes. 2539 Zenia just charges and expects everyone else to... 25",Survival
Survival,"of reasoning but enough to know that shit is going to happen if you do not rush. You make your way--yes. 2619 To help with the pace, I'll drum. 26",Survival
Survival,"of reasoning but enough to know that shit is going to happen if you do not rush. You make your way--yes. 2619 To help with the pace, I'll drum. 26",Survival
Persuasion,the noise is louder and louder and louder as you reach a water pump station. It's a weird building that is full of everything you would expect from the Izzet,Persuasion
Intimidation,"in it. Which means that if somebody was really just like, 'I don't want to listen to this message,' it just goes 'firing my laser' (laser noise). 2920 Right. 29",Intimidation
Perception,"side that you had found M-U, a bunch of scored in the middle... 'of wonder.' 4835 Muse of wonder? Andrew 4836 Museum. 4837 Oh, you're good at letter stuff. 48",Perception
Perception,Eddie 703 So I walk up to the entrance of this room or the exit of this room. Is it a door? 710 Yeah. Eddie 710 I open it. 7,Perception
Investigation,"it with my mace. 1346 You can on your turn. Lorzatch, you're up first. Andrew 1351 All right. Lorzatch, Lorzatch has climbed down the ladder. Is there anything visible? 13",Investigation
Perception,on this? 1616 The saving throw on that is CON 13. Andrew 1621 It's not coming back from that. 1622 You hear some puttering around. Andrew 1625 It's cancelled. 16,Perception
Athletics,"and I'm going to hate you forever. 5101 I'm rolling the fuck-or-yeah die. It's 14. 5105 Okay, you have one save. 5107 I have one successful save. 5108 Okay. 51",Athletics
Investigation,staircase. A quick look to your right seems to be some sort of lit console. Andrew 5533 Lorzatch is going to move to his right and examine the console. 55,Investigation
Persuasion,"10th District at the Promenade. It's very far away."" 2358 ""She's currently at the 34th District building."" 2400 ""Oh, I see. Yes, I will send a messenger right away."" 24",Persuasion
Intimidation,"a fight, or not necessarily. But yes. Andrew 2506 Lorzatch will ask one of the attending sentries. 2509 Yes. Andrew 2510 ""What is the nature of these nightly incursions?"" 25",Intimidation
Persuasion,"a fight, or not necessarily. But yes. Andrew 2506 Lorzatch will ask one of the attending sentries. 2509 Yes. Andrew 2510 ""What is the nature of these nightly incursions?"" 25",Intimidation
Intimidation,"of nightly incursions. I'm afraid this is rather the first I've heard of it. And I would ask humbly--"" 3500 Make a Wisdom saving throw, please. Andrew 3502 Nope. 35",Intimidation
Persuasion,"Mr. Alfonso, and we do find it pressing that we get to him immediately."" ""No, in fact, we're worried that we are and we want to clear the air."" 44",Persuasion
Investigation,very sheltered life in the barracks. 1021 All I've known is the Boros. 1023 'I play the drums on the drummin' the face.' 1028 Boom Boom to the face. 10,Investigation
Medicine,"seems to know you. This is a frontline medic. This is a, this is a soldier medic. He goes, ""Great."" He says, ""Have you guys been outfitted?"" 2844 With? 28",Medicine
Performance,"Well we do have to walk with you for a bit. 3023 ""Just call me Medic."" 3024 Okay. 3025 Okay. Eddie 3027 ""Onwards!"" 3028 Here we go. 3028 Medic. 30",Performance
Survival,"quickly you guys managed to get where you're supposed to go. 3038 You know, I'm not using this die anymore, though. I think you're retired for the moment. 13. 30",Survival
Survival,"quickly you guys managed to get where you're supposed to go. 3038 You know, I'm not using this die anymore, though. I think you're retired for the moment. 13. 30",Survival
Survival,"anyone have any abilities that allow them to determine position or any sort of, like Ranger-esque survivability? Anybody who wishes to make a Survival check? Andrew 3130 Yeah. 9. 31",Survival
Survival,"anyone have any abilities that allow them to determine position or any sort of, like Ranger-esque survivability? Anybody who wishes to make a Survival check? Andrew 3130 Yeah. 9. 31",Survival
Investigation,from. 3353 It's not on the line? 3355 It is on the line. You are following the line to the compound. Eddie 3358 Is it the missing Azorius engine? 34,Investigation
Insight,the had back at the Leg End. Andrew 3834 Would Lorzatch recognize this behavior as any kind of naturally occurring rabies or the result of any kind of infection? 38,Insight
Insight,5049 Bludgeoning damage. Eddie 5050 It's a mace. 5050 Okay. Eddie 5051 Question also. 5052 Yes. Eddie 5052 Can I tell if rather or not these are undead creatures? 50,Perception
Investigation,"give at least a little bit of, you know, comfort to the dead before I double check to see if there's anything behind his shield that we can take. 103",Investigation
Arcana,"else because I'm bad at looking. And I can't, I just can't. Eddie 10316 17. 10317 17. 10318 8. 10319 8. Andrew 10320 Investigation? 10321 Yeah. Andrew 10322 14. 103",Arcana
Arcana,"else because I'm bad at looking. And I can't, I just can't. Eddie 10316 17. 10317 17. 10318 8. 10319 8. Andrew 10320 Investigation? 10321 Yeah. Andrew 10322 14. 103",Arcana
Acrobatics,"Special Thanks Megan Judkins Will Melones Josh Samuels Transcript Download PDF Due to dynamically inserted advertisements, these timecodes may be slightly off what you actually hear on your download. 0",Acrobatics
Performance,"Special Thanks Megan Judkins Will Melones Josh Samuels Transcript Download PDF Due to dynamically inserted advertisements, these timecodes may be slightly off what you actually hear on your download. 0",Acrobatics
Perception,Orzhov coin is only redeemable at Orzhov facilities. And would somebody please roll another D6 as you continue patrolling the festival? 532 Five. 533 A five. Ah. 535 Oh. 5,Insight
Performance,is not good. 1338 This is the kind of thing that should be banned in Ravnica. 1341 That is the opinion of a Selesnyan. 1343 Yes! Andrew 1345 Guildpact. 13,Performance
Acrobatics,is not good. 1338 This is the kind of thing that should be banned in Ravnica. 1341 That is the opinion of a Selesnyan. 1343 Yes! Andrew 1345 Guildpact. 13,Performance
Performance,is not good. 1338 This is the kind of thing that should be banned in Ravnica. 1341 That is the opinion of a Selesnyan. 1343 Yes! Andrew 1345 Guildpact. 13,Performance
Perception,"opening into the theater. There's not a, there's just, there's just an open entry way that you can go in, and inside you can hear... 1720 Murder. 1720 Murder. 17",Perception
Perception,spell cast is a another marionette surprisingly appears directly to his right that looks to be the limbs of what possibly could be some sort of Orzhov Syndicate member. 27,Investigation
Investigation,"be the limbs of what possibly could be some sort of Orzhov Syndicate member. 2737 Ah, quick Perception check is that being controlled by someone other than the Harlequin? 27",Perception
Perception,"expunging a year's worth of stress into one sporadic celebration. As you guys begin your patrol, would one of you please roll a D6? Andrew 1248 I will. Three. 12",Perception
Perception,"going to disperse. You can, she can sell the thing. But we will, we will call this situation readily quarreled. Eddie 1606 ""Go back to your stand."" AD BREAK 16",Persuasion
Insight,"one of the theaters in the area. I am just a push-broom."" 1930 ""We'll come. We'll take you and make sure you get to your next place safely."" Andrew 19",Insight
Insight,"get to your next place safely."" Andrew 1935 Lorzatch rolls a 15 for Insight against the goblin. 1939 Yeah, yeah, I was about to ask the same damn thing. 19",Insight
Perception,there. But your coin course is gone. Eddie 2142 Curses! 2143 Yeah. 2144 Bad luck bro. 2145 Very clearly a cutpurse has snuck by and snipped your purse. Eddie 21,Perception
Medicine,"ears as you continue past. Maybe not worth your time. 2512 Yeah, Zenia sees it and she giggles a little bit. 2514 Yes. 2514 And just keeps walking. Andrew 25",Medicine
Persuasion,"3058 To the, to the front door. 3059 Yeah, to kind of, like, lock down the place. 3101 Sure. 3102 And see if that, make sure nobody can leave. 31",Persuasion
Sleight of Hand,"like, picking up a pocket. This woman doesn't seem to be paying attention and Zenia is not polite. So she's going to 3439 She's completely uninjured. 3444 Okay. Okay. 34",Sleight of Hand
Survival,"Different than having medicinal herbs. 3618 It's different than, sort of, like... 3619 It's the means to use herbs. Eddie 3619 It's like a mortar and pestle and stuff. 36",Survival
Survival,"Different than having medicinal herbs. 3618 It's different than, sort of, like... 3619 It's the means to use herbs. Eddie 3619 It's like a mortar and pestle and stuff. 36",Survival
Medicine,"for like Survival checks, things out in the wilderness, providing food and things like that. But as far as a direct medical connotation without something sort of established... Andrew 36",Medicine
Persuasion,"district!"" 4445 While everyone else is distracted, I'd like to quietly go up to the woman and just say, ""I feel like you're not telling me the full story."" 44",Persuasion
Arcana,"4906 I don't know. 4906 Yeah. 4907 Okay. 4907 But there is something localized within the room. But whatever it is, you've never really smelled it before. 4913 Okay. 49",Investigation
Perception,"drink. I'll take the whole bottle. Food if you have it."" ""You're too early for supper, all I got now is beer and a bit of bread."" The man says",Persuasion
Perception,"him. 1511 Is it still attached to him? 1513 Oh, yeah, it's like a grapple arm. 1514 Oh, so it's like arm, chain 1517 Arm, cable. 1519 Oh, cable. 15",Athletics
Acrobatics,"stuff. 2333 So then I say, 'no matter,' and I run right over, jumping off that bench and clearing the table to tackle the goon on the far side. 23",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,and the bar fight. 3059 Yes. 3059 I'm going to do jump off the table and attempt to grapple him by taking hold of the front of his cloak. 31,Acrobatics
Medicine,"No, it's non-lethal. He's just knocked out because he got a couple of fists and heads to the fists and head. Eddie 3327 So I try slapping him awake. 33",Medicine
Arcana,"The only magic that you know for certain is in this bar is the spell over the doorway that currently holds all of your martial weapons. Yes, sir. Andrew 34",Arcana
Investigation,"eye on you through the glass doors. Robyn I can see how he would do that. Can I– Go ahead Robyn Oh, no. You go ahead. ‘Cause I have nothing.",Athletics
Persuasion,"person at this point. And then I say, Yeah! So I heard some weird stuff, I heard some weird stuff’s been going on, do you know anything about that, dude?",Persuasion
Persuasion,"I heard some weird stuff, I heard some weird stuff’s been going on, do you know anything about that, dude? Can you–can you roll me a persuasion check. Robyn Yeah!",Persuasion
Persuasion,"way that we could possibly relax until we get this information so if you could please, I mean really. Trust me. We are as they say “on the level”. Completely.",Persuasion
Stealth,"that other door we saw. Okay, so you’re gonna, you’re gonna try to go through the door that says employees only? Robyn Yeah! [I’ll Handle It – combatplayer fades in]",Stealth
Stealth,"for me, one stealth check to make sure you don’t get caught doing this, and one thieves tools check Robyn Okay. Are those both, uh, 20 sided? Yeah, yeah. Robyn",Stealth
Perception,"only. No no no, I think it’s–I think it’s like a glass display case sort of affair. Like if you wanna see it you have to hand over your ID.",Investigation
Perception,like a glass display case sort of affair. Like if you wanna see it you have to hand over your ID. Oh my god. Can I roll a perception check?,Perception
Arcana,"in the room or something like that, the spinning rims seem to be turning a lot more than say they normally would since they’re just mounted stationary on the wall.",Arcana
Arcana,"check it out? ney Electronics and magic, that’s my thing! And then I crack my knuckles and I go check it out, uh… I’m gonna do an investigation or arcana–",Arcana
Arcana,"right now. Robyn Cool, cool. I don’t know nothin’ about this magic I’m lookin’ for. Uh huh. But I could do–should I invite people who know about magic in here?",Arcana
Arcana,lookin’ for. Uh huh. But I could do–should I invite people who know about magic in here? Who wants me to roll an arcana check? ‘Cause I really want to.,Arcana
Stealth,"end of the garage that just, it says stock room on it. Robyn Let’s check out that stock room! I think so too. ney Let’s sneak into that stock room.",Perception
Deception,"in the family. Robyn They want to keep it in the family, my specialty is kinda, y’know, rat-stomping, so I’m just here to stomp the rats in the stock room.",Perception
Investigation,"of the room that ahh, just kinda seems to be taped off with some uh yellow caution tape. Well let’s check that shit out. Right? The caution tape? Robyn Yeah.",Investigation
Arcana,"not cross. I’m glad that I can read. Good to know. Adding that to my character sheet. ney I’m trying to, I’m tryna pick back up on any, uh, vibes.",Arcana
Investigation,"man. That kinda, that seems to be all you’re getting is vibes. Uhhhm. Nothing seems to be like comin’ out at you or anything like that. ney Sure. Uhm. ney",Investigation
Medicine,"way? And for half a second his eyes flash coal black and you gain one D8 hit points, cause I just casted ‘Cure Wounds’. ??? Fuck yeah. Ah… Thank you!",Medicine
Perception,happens in police station scenes in Law & Order. You get it. Is there one of those little gate things that’s only waist-high? Yes. Absolutely. Ok. … Are there donuts?,Perception
Deception,"beat] One of my cousins, is dead, and my ex-husband will not tell me [voice constricting further as pounding grows in volume and emphasis] and I need to know, Now.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"see. Alright, so…You said you’ve had ‘troubles’ with- I mean, you seem like an upstanding pillar of your community… what kind of troubles with folks have you had around here?",Persuasion
Deception,"I… I think that’d be alright. I think that’d be alright. Did y’all wanna take pictures, do you have a photographer? We uh… Robyn I’m a photographer. Yes he is.",Deception
Investigation,"Robyn It’s pretty normal here. Yeah… I would like to investigate the truck. Did you want me to look now? Yes, Mikey, you look too. But Electra, do your thing.",Investigation
Investigation,"to investigate the truck. Did you want me to look now? Yes, Mikey, you look too. But Electra, do your thing. Yeah, both of y’all roll investigation checks for me.",Investigation
Perception,"job. [stammering] So, about how far from the location are we? Hey, you’re right in front of the door. We’re moving this along. We did it. Great… Ah, fantastic. [whoops]",Investigation
Perception,"any obvious cameras, security alarms, that kind of shit, right? Go ahead. Yeah, that’s a… 7. [groans] Seven? You do not see any kind of cameras or anything like that.",Perception
Perception,"side, Mikey’s twin… alter-ego or something, fuck. [chuckles] Sometimes Mikey gets divine psychic inspiration. The uh, the sasquatch hive mind. That… is… In the form of me meta-gaming. [Assorted Laughter]",Athletics
Perception,"well, fuckin’ cataclysmic extraplanar event that none of you can see cuts of Mikey’s immediate connection to the sasquatch hive-mind that helps him cheat so, Electra! Gimme a perception check.",Perception
Investigation,"immediate connection to the sasquatch hive-mind that helps him cheat so, Electra! Gimme a perception check. Oh, perception check… I’ll just accept- Or whatever check you want to give me.",Perception
Perception,"immediate connection to the sasquatch hive-mind that helps him cheat so, Electra! Gimme a perception check. Oh, perception check… I’ll just accept- Or whatever check you want to give me.",Perception
Perception,"getting quieter. Oh, well I also think that… Can I put a little bit of spice on this since it’s the first time my character has cast a spell? Yes.",Perception
Investigation,"It is still locked, but I will let Kevin take another crack at a lock-picking check. Robyn A 20. Hell yeah. OK. That door just pops right open. [whispered] Yes.",Investigation
Perception,"check out that spot. If I can see it from the threshold of the door without going in yet. Like kind of peer over there… Ok, Ok. Yeah go ahead.",Athletics
Athletics,turn. One of them bites Mikey on the hand and… Oh! It just rolled a 20. This rat’s really good at biting. It just did 3 damage to Mikey. Damn.,Athletics
Arcana,"vibes were concentrated over there, but they don’t really seem to be over there right now. Where are they then? Well, you’ll have to find out, won’t you? [Dice Rolls]",Arcana
Investigation,"vibes were concentrated over there, but they don’t really seem to be over there right now. Where are they then? Well, you’ll have to find out, won’t you? [Dice Rolls]",Arcana
Arcana,"won’t you? [Dice Rolls] Mikey- Oh, sorry… Electra, you were rolling an Arcana Check or something? Investigation? I was making an assumption of what I have to roll…. So Oh.",Arcana
Arcana,"it moves. So… Maybe we should proceed with caution and not smash it immediately if we can avoid doing that, yeah? Sounds like a plan. Ok! Right. Robyn Fair enough.",Arcana
Perception,the button right now. Robyn I’m fine with this. I don’t… know that… we should touch that. It’s like a crushing wave of sound. Penetrating your skull- Ghosts were punched!,Perception
Athletics,"Ahhhh, ok. Alright, um…. Well shit! I guess we’ve got a way up now! I go over to the rope and start climbing the wall. Ok, ok. Hammer in hand.",Athletics
Athletics,"And, uh, yeah! Again once… now the field’s open. Anyone who wants to just try something can go for it. Robyn I’m just gonna try to climb the darn rope.",Athletics
Athletics,do it! So I passed. [sotto voce] There we go. We’re all very successful and that’s why we’re making a Role-Playing podcast for the internet. That’s very clear. Yeah… Mhmm,Investigation
Athletics,"six? Ok. So once again, yeah, Kevin just kind of flails… Just trying to get up that rope, is not able to do it. Lemme give it a try. Ok.",Athletics
Investigation,"I don’t know, what DO you want to investigate? I kinda want to just look it over a little bit more closely while the other two do whatever they do.",Investigation
Investigation,"the organ? Books, candles, that’s about it! Alright. Well, here’s a thought. Why don’t we ignore this riddle for now and Elektra, why don’t you just try playing this organ?",Investigation
Performance,"It’s an organ! Yeah… I wanna sit at the organ and just… start playing the hit song [Regresses into giggles] song by Rob Zom… Song’s called ‘Dracula’? Rob Zombie, “Dragula”.",Performance
Performance,"It’s an organ! Yeah… I wanna sit at the organ and just… start playing the hit song [Regresses into giggles] song by Rob Zom… Song’s called ‘Dracula’? Rob Zombie, “Dragula”.",Performance
Performance,"It’s an organ! Yeah… I wanna sit at the organ and just… start playing the hit song [Regresses into giggles] song by Rob Zom… Song’s called ‘Dracula’? Rob Zombie, “Dragula”.",Performance
Performance,"It’s an organ! Yeah… I wanna sit at the organ and just… start playing the hit song [Regresses into giggles] song by Rob Zom… Song’s called ‘Dracula’? Rob Zombie, “Dragula”.",Performance
Animal Handling,"some cool stuff there! Elektra, what are you up to. [murmurs then clears her throat] There’s some strange shit! Let’s see… Personal web domain of Alex Andre Curtis It’s Alexandra.",Animal Handling
Insight,"I think it's a good time for a Mothman surprise. We should build something. Oh. So, hold on. Do we have a stinger for that? Chica! chica! ; Mothman surprise!",Perception
Intimidation,I’m – I’m— (as Mannheim) Wait. You guys are in a group text? (as Mothman) Okay. You might want to look out the front window. (as Drew) What? Midroll Music,Investigation
Perception,I’m – I’m— (as Mannheim) Wait. You guys are in a group text? (as Mothman) Okay. You might want to look out the front window. (as Drew) What? Midroll Music,Investigation
Investigation,I’m – I’m— (as Mannheim) Wait. You guys are in a group text? (as Mothman) Okay. You might want to look out the front window. (as Drew) What? Midroll Music,Investigation
History,"home. We also have the Punchbowl, an interview series with people pushing D&D forward creatively, communally and socially. It’s a party, and you’re invited! Find out more at jointhepartypod.com. Transcript",Investigation
Perception,"home. We also have the Punchbowl, an interview series with people pushing D&D forward creatively, communally and socially. It’s a party, and you’re invited! Find out more at jointhepartypod.com. Transcript",Investigation
Perception,"home. We also have the Punchbowl, an interview series with people pushing D&D forward creatively, communally and socially. It’s a party, and you’re invited! Find out more at jointhepartypod.com. Transcript",Investigation
Athletics,"to 20 Sided Store in Brooklyn New York. And Get 20% off using the discount code JOINTHEPARTY, in store or online. Alright, let’s get back to the show. [transition noise]",Athletics
Perception,"Long Island and encrypted. And my efficiencies are in gin and ghosts. [audience chuckles] I'm pretty sure that's our new podcast. Yes, it is, Isn't that already our podcast? Yeah.",Perception
Persuasion,Mike Schubert. My background for this game is amateur rapper. Because I was in an improvised hip hop group for 2+ years. [chuckling] That explanation doesn't make it better. Mike,Persuasion
Deception,they smell of eucalyptus. There is free water bottles. Unlike the water that’s all in the park. Your sneakers don't end up damp for some reason. Yes! And there's even…charcuterie!,Deception
Investigation,"would assume that they would have like utensils and knives and like food, but there's just like, nothing there. Mike Can I investigate to see like, what else is here?",Investigation
Perception,"that says but Rebecca Brunch on it, that you can get if you really want that. Damn… One person laughed at that. That's my target audience. and [together] Thank you!",Insight
Performance,"lifeguard? Should I pretend to drown? [interested] Oh! Oh, well, I'm concerned about…actually let's do that. Mike I pretend to drown to try to draw the lifeguard closer to us.",Performance
Perception,"sorry. Is that a child drowning? And then I put the hat on Mike. [Mike and gasp] Okay, um, what do I have to do? What is the item say?",Persuasion
Perception,"child drowning? And then I put the hat on Mike. [Mike and gasp] Okay, um, what do I have to do? What is the item say? DC 13 Perception check.",Perception
Stealth,"you want to sneak? Mike Sneak because if we run, we might slip. Yeah, like by the base of the towers. They don't have a lot of visibility Mike True.",Stealth
Perception,"throughout the entire…through the entire area. Where was this when there was a drowning? [Mike laughs heartily, alarm starts] , make it deeper. Make it deeper? [slightly deeper alarm sound]",Investigation
Investigation,"dry myself, will I get my HP back? I…you can try? We have 5 ½ minutes left, let’s find the DM! Is the DM or a cassette player in here?",Investigation
Acrobatics,"there? And , you look down and there's a diving board. Just like to 2 feet out it's just like, darkness. I close my eyes and jump. You do? Yeah.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"to jump in as well. Mike Yes. Okay. Thanks, guys. How do you want to jump in? Swan dive. Okay. Mike I want to I want to do a…round off.",Athletics
Perception,"make it into the Met Museum! [everyone cheers] And I’m now next, to Ga-Ga? Yes. Okay. You are. You notice that she’s actually just in a purple tracksuit. [surprised] Oh!",Perception
Athletics,"it. Yeah, very important. And also to see how heavy they are. Good. Please roll four d6 for me since you are pursuing your highest goal. [dice roll] Two successes.",Investigation
Athletics,"She’s live streaming on an iPad?! She’s like a mom? She is a mom, yeah! And Dax Shephard is In the background just making like goofy bunny ears. That’s good.",Perception
Nature,banana. [audience laughing] Mike I eat the banana. Good. [sounding unsure] And then I use the sharp end of the peel to try to cut open the mattress…? [dice rolls],Perception
Investigation,"front of you there is like one of those open hallway doors. Mike Okay. Um, I look in the mattress if there's a zipper on it. Is there a zipper?",Investigation
Athletics,That’s an 8. [dice rolls] [chuckles in reaction to roll] That’s a 9. Okay… Mike I also help to lift the mattress!! You guys don’t… [laughs heartily] [dice rolls] Mike,Perception
Perception,"I walked, so I came back. Uh oh. Good choice. Good choice. Mike Yeah. Okay. Can we try to see if there's any like traps or tripwires around the archway?",Investigation
Investigation,if you want it to like jump up and try to hit it? You could. But is there like a handle or anything? That’s like outcropping from the panel itself?,Investigation
Sleight of Hand,"down this hole? There are the papers and you have everything on your person. Um, how about I make a paper chain out of the papers with my Pinterest skill?",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"a thought that the door needs something to open it. Can I investigate somehow of like, what might need to be done to the door to get it to open?",Investigation
Investigation,"do you have batteries? (as DJ) Okay, let me, yeah, let me just look around. Noise-cancelling headphones! That's true. What kind of noise-cancelling headphones are they? Are they battery powered?",Investigation
Performance,"podcasters,I think you're going to be a little bit better than us. (as DJ) I don’t… Mike [interrupting] Wow, wow, wow. You will not be better than me! [audience laughs]",Performance
Investigation,"laughs] Like in a bouncy castle, it’s like the top of a bouncy castle. [ chuckles] It’s like inflatable, yeah. Yeah, it’s inflatable. Can you attach a rope to it?",Investigation
Athletics,"and be like, “Try not to fall, it really sucks!” Okay, well, I'm punk AF, so I'm jumping in cannonball style! [Mike and encourage on] Do I roll for something?",Athletics
Acrobatics,"the foam and to the other platform on the other side? Yes. Sounds right. Sounds right. Parkour. Mike I also jump in since it's foam stuff, I do a flip.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"what you're gonna do on your summer vacation? Discuss the choices we made to get here. Um, well, I'm not gonna take falling damage, so I'll jump on the ball.",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"the choices we made to get here. Um, well, I'm not gonna take falling damage, so I'll jump on the ball. Alright, make an Acrobatics check. [dice rolls] uh, 19!",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"so I'll jump on the ball. Alright, make an Acrobatics check. [dice rolls] uh, 19! Okay, make another Acrobatics check! [dice rolls] I’m sensing a rule of three. It’s 8!",Acrobatics
Athletics,"I'm like, almost dead? [Mike chants “Go!” repeatedly] Yeah. I’m going to throw my headphone cord out. Okay, make a Dexterity roll. [dice rolls] And we’ll do Strength? [enthusiastically] 19!!!",Athletics
History,"sorry. What else do I pull out? Okay, , you pull out another banana. But this one is like super brown. [whispers] Damn it. Mike I still eat the banana.",History
Athletics,"you pull on it, and it is taught. Okay, then I'm going to hold on to the cord and take big steps back and try to run up the wall.",Athletics
Athletics,"get like halfway up the wall, but you're just kind of just like stuck. And you are hanging off of the headphone cord. I try to give him a boost.",Perception
Perception,"into you. Mike Like physically? He just like, bops into you. He takes a step back and then he walks around and then, like, goes around you. Like a Roomba.",Perception
Perception,"into you. Mike Like physically? He just like, bops into you. He takes a step back and then he walks around and then, like, goes around you. Like a Roomba.",Perception
Perception,"you considered just inviting people with like invitations and not puzzles to your birthday party? An evite even? (as Dungeon Master) No, No! That sounds dumb and bad as well.",Perception
Sleight of Hand,just wanted to have a birthday party and I obviously didn’t have the ingredients! Can I tap on the sequined robe shoulder and try to like peek inside the rope?,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,it’s just another punching bag and it just kind of falls to the floor. No key. So there… Mike It didn’t fall on her? Why did it fall on me?,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"from the back. So there is still the matte black, polka dot, plaid, stripes and stars.... I'm going to go polka dots? I'm just gonna try to sneak a look.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"Really?! Yeah. That’s wild! Yeah, well I played a little bit of WindWaker but like…I didn't get it and like that's not the one that you jump into? [chuckles] Yeah.",Perception
Religion,after the Council of detonated his final form all part of your plan ? Or did you have to factor that in because Tracey killed/disrupted Ze’ol in the prior episode?,Religion
Animal Handling,"poof! Alonzo saved with the Council of Bright still trapped. What a good idea. [ cackles] But can Oatcake bring people? Oatcake can bring items, but…I don't know about people.",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"holding it, it got sucked back up to heaven, they’re like, this shouldn't be here and then just respawned Just like respawned the flaming sword back in…in the Concentric states.",Animal Handling
Medicine,"bunch of friends. And then we're going to do another one which I think it just to bring in, so we're going to play some silly stuff. [brief theme beats]",Investigation
Perception,"bunch of friends. And then we're going to do another one which I think it just to bring in, so we're going to play some silly stuff. [brief theme beats]",Investigation
Perception,"village in a snow globe and if you shook it, and while you were holding it, like everyone around you would have gotten 5 temporary HP points. Oh, that's cool.",Perception
History,"bat! Exactly. We didn't want to put that in, but I love that as an item. I just don't know how to put it into a D&D podcast. Yeah. Yeah.",History
Acrobatics,"yeah! Yeah. Like I forgot about that. Yeah, like someone on survivor making a fake idol. I was just like I didn't want to give her the real thing. Yeah.",Acrobatics
Perception,"now. But, uh you slide in. (as Tracey) Oh…this is awkward. Uh... Inara already has a waffle in her mouth. (as Inara) [nonchalantly] What…what do you mean awkward? [ laughs]",Insight
Perception,"a game or something, but… (as Brink) How can you steal consensually? Like you stole my heart! And then she puts whipped cream on your nose. [excitedly] What?! [ cackles]",Perception
Arcana,"Mouthpiece from the other. (as Inara) See honey, I told you! Not all is lost. (as Tracey) What do we do with them…? They like click together like a puzzle?",Arcana
Investigation,"buy you an arcade cabinet and they’re like no, just go to Döove and Böosters. And then maybe they make you a little secret door to Döove and Böosters? Probably.",Investigation
Athletics,"is that what they’re saying? Did they bring them? Or there’s no way we can do this, so all of the doors are closing behind you. [chuckles] I can’t tell.",Athletics
Arcana,"That sucks. And that giant scorpion is going to run, spend a dash action to get all up in your business. (as Inara) [whispers] Tracey, it’s like a poisonous butt!",Arcana
Persuasion,"interests at heart. I am not saying that I want to lead you, I am here to give you your own freedom. If I can do it, you can too.",Persuasion
Athletics,"monstrous version of himself. He has a gaping mouth and eyes standing 20 feet tall, dwarfing all of you. [music slows] The Council has reached his final form. [midroll begins]",Athletics
History,"going to be Valentine, Franny, Brink and Alonzo and Chad. Can we tell what kind of damage he’s vulnerable to? Um… It’s not booping, we know that. It’s not booping.",History
Arcana,"of damage he’s vulnerable to? Um… It’s not booping, we know that. It’s not booping. Do maybe a History check from the books we were researching before we got here?",History
Arcana,"thing that you’re like, still looking for and you’re interested in? Uh…what do you say? Uh, can you help us out with this guy because he sounds like a butt.",Arcana
Acrobatics,"them, swing to another, and then use my momentum to swing as close as I can get to the middle of the Council’s body. Stab him with my short sword.",Perception
Arcana,"sure I believe in gods or monsters, but…we are intertwined, and in this moment of convenience for both of us, we could explore what it’s like to actually become one.",Religion
Religion,"sure I believe in gods or monsters, but…we are intertwined, and in this moment of convenience for both of us, we could explore what it’s like to actually become one.",Religion
Acrobatics,rope swing and monkey bar my way across the stage toward the Council and then jump from a rope just straight into him to stab him again in the chest.,Acrobatics
Acrobatics,then use the hilt of it as like a wall to jump away. So I want to jump off and roll on the ground more toward Brink and the party.,Acrobatics
Investigation,"true. If I kill her though, I mean, I will be taking her suit. And not...and not telling Brink where I got it, asking her to wear it… Good trophy.",Insight
Insight,[ chortles] You can look at the seeing eye poster over her suit jacket. So you could take it if you wanted to. Thank you. If that’s enough for you.,Perception
Investigation,"Can we just move this forward? (as Adamah) Ordinarily, all my deals involve a twelve-hour lunch with at least one martini every thirty minutes. So this is the quick version.",Investigation
Arcana,"(as Adamah) Okay. Let’s begin. I look around for my briefcase, and this would be a great time for Oatcake to show up with Tally. [chanting and clapping] Talligator, talligator!!",Arcana
Investigation,"So you’re now, you’re unfortunately silenced for the rest of this challenge. [Tracey makes muffled screams] Just so you know I rolled a 25 on D’var creating this. That’s fair.",Perception
Sleight of Hand,"between you two like, (as Alonzo) [annoyed] Hey! Stop it…Ugh! And then Tracey like, “trips” and sort of falls over… Okay. And onto the floor next to the hollow wall.",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"at you, and then he sits back down. [ makes sense of uncertainty] Like a suggestive wink or like we're on the same team wink? Can I investigate the wink?",Perception
Persuasion,"I know that what you need from me is a real sacrifice. So, I can give you my calling. I’ll leave the Assassin’s Guild. I’ll never talk to them again.",Persuasion
Perception,"drink this tea all day, it’s delicious. [slurps loudly] Ah! I think do what the odds tell you. Yeah. (as Tracey) I think I’ll…I’ll keep my card. (as Ze'ol) Okay.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"any fame, fortune, I just want to go. I don’t want anyone to know I’m the reason this started, this whole thing started. I just want to go sell tea.",Persuasion
Performance,"anglerfish a riddle in return. (as Inara) Um, what infects most humans and makes them more likely to get hurt and often ends in death, but is something people seek?",Performance
Investigation,closed behind you. Well first I’m going to dash forward to where the smelting was occurring and try to get a glimpse of whatever item the warforged is working on.,Perception
Perception,"you’re pretty cool too. But yo, I gotta do what I gotta do, so… (as Tracey) [more insistent] WHAT DOES THAT MEAN? JUST PULL US UP!!! (as Brink) So sorry!",Insight
Nature,"do it. Nope, I’m not going to do it. I know…I know better. I can’t. I CANNOT do it. And then… (as Tracey) [more forcibly] Do…do…GIMME YOUR HAND. DO WHAT?!",Athletics
Acrobatics,"the entrance to get back to my friends. So you just want to try to like run past them? Movement-wise, yes. I want to run past them to the door.",Acrobatics
Sleight of Hand,"even process what Tracey is saying right now, she’s so focused on Brink. And with her hand still extended, holding Mr. Sippy, she casts Mage Hand and tickles Brink’s side.",Sleight of Hand
Deception,"and out. I remember leaving with you and remember being afraid on the stairs. It’s like, patchy…it’s like, it comes in and out. And now I’m like here. Now…what’s happening?",Deception
Perception,"Tracey) I will push you off of this cliff myself. (as Brink) [upset] I don’t…I don’t know where she is, what are you talking about?! Where is she?! (as Inara)",Insight
Investigation,"Well, uh…uh, any ideas on how we’re going to get out of here? What way did the bridge fall? Like is there any length of it left on our side?",Investigation
Investigation,"any length of it left on our side? Oh yeah! Why don’t you make an Investigation check? [dice roll] [laughs] , I’m a well-trained detective. [ and laugh] [confidently] 23.",Investigation
Investigation,"detective. [ and laugh] [confidently] 23. Okay, that’s great. Inara, you also make an Investigation check. [dice roll] Tracey’s detective skills are limited to things that he can see. 26.",Investigation
Investigation,I look around the room to see where we are? Sure. Always smart. [dice roll] [snorts in response to roll] The answer is no. I got a 5. [chuckles] Okay.,Investigation
Intimidation,"(as D'var) And that’s fine. And we have, we have it on our agenda and we’re going to get to that! But first… (as Inara) Well, bump it up lady.",Intimidation
Insight,"risky. [still laughing] That’s fair, that’s definitely fair. Inara is going to brush her hand against the back of Brink’s hand as uh she takes the lead on the stairs.",Athletics
Deception,"guess you could go back, but I really hope you don’t. (as Brink) No…uh. Alright. We’ll…we will meet our fate here. Okay. Yeah. Inara, you still feel like she’s wavering.",Deception
Perception,"between you guys and is like, (as Captain Alex) [moans] Ugh…sorry. Gotta-gotta go down and fight-fight some stuff. (as Tracey) [singing] Five and six! Five and six! Five and six!",Insight
Perception,"me look for a second. And then a little bit farther away, she’s like, (as Captain Alex) There are no birds! So you guys wait around for a little bit.",Perception
History,"yourself in harm’s way and um, I don’t know, makes you choose something over your own self-interests. Oh! I have an idea. I have an idea! ? Yeah? [ laughs]",History
Insight,"yourself in harm’s way and um, I don’t know, makes you choose something over your own self-interests. Oh! I have an idea. I have an idea! ? Yeah? [ laughs]",History
History,own self-interests. Oh! I have an idea. I have an idea! ? Yeah? [ laughs] Can I roll maybe a History or Insight to see if I know any riddles?,History
History,"it was 6, so…great? [chuckles] With a 6, you think the blue riddle is choice. You think I'm so smart, no one is as smart as me. I got him.",History
Insight,"it was 6, so…great? [chuckles] With a 6, you think the blue riddle is choice. You think I'm so smart, no one is as smart as me. I got him.",History
Performance,"Inara) Okay, okay, okay. [breathes quickly, repeatedly] Um, what infects most humans and makes them more likely to get hurt and often ends in death, but is something people seek?",Performance
Perception,my favorite fantasy novels ever. The worldbuilding of like magic and color and light together is just extremely good. Do you want to hear the hook of this new one,Perception
Perception,"Holy crap! I think Stoneface is here! (as Inara) Cool, thanks bud! So, uh, I’ll walk forward, smile at Brink, and pause outside the door. Do I notice anything dangerous?",Stealth
Perception,"(as warforged) Oh you shouldn’t be down here. I want everyone to roll Initiative. [intense music plays] I got a 16. Including me, right? Yeah, including you. A non-natural 20!",Athletics
Stealth,"pointing you toward and this is the latter. So…we’re going to use that invisible bridge, walk through that invisible door, and follow Tracey’s lead to wherever that first artifact is.",Stealth
Athletics,"pointing you toward and this is the latter. So…we’re going to use that invisible bridge, walk through that invisible door, and follow Tracey’s lead to wherever that first artifact is.",Stealth
Deception,"look like nondescript peasants. So if somebody saw us there, they would assume we were there to clean, to deliver food, to do whatever needs doing in the house. Okay…",Deception
Perception,"it is Holmes and Watson. And they, and Holmes is just chattering away, telling some inane story to the silent Watson. [loud, echoing footsteps] (as Tracey) Guys, we gotta move.",Insight
Stealth,"see what’s just around? Sure. Uh, and sort of get a layout of the building. Sounds good. [dice roll] I got an 18 +2 for a 20. Okay, non-natural 20.",Stealth
Stealth,like to coach my fellow partygoers in the ways of Stealth. Is it possible for me to roll Stealth to see how well I impart my Stealth knowledge to them?,Stealth
History,"go to prison? (as Tracey) [quietly in response] Yeah, I like that a lot. I think…if-if my disguise is half as good as it looks, they’ll also listen to me.",History
Investigation,looks like a big empty room? And that’s all you see. [ chuckles] If only there was something you could do…[laughs lightly] if you wanted to look into it more.,Perception
Investigation,"in it, and there’s also like worn marks as it goes in from the wall into the floor. Can I look up at the ceiling and identify any escape hatches?",Investigation
Stealth,"we’re going to go around the perimeter as stealthily as is humanly possible including Chad, and splurp our way into the dining room and hopefully into a hallway after that.",Stealth
Stealth,"also causing the wildest distraction you’ve ever seen. I-I-I think, I feel like there needs to be a roll here and I’m trying to figure out what exactly it is.",Stealth
Perception,"also causing the wildest distraction you’ve ever seen. I-I-I think, I feel like there needs to be a roll here and I’m trying to figure out what exactly it is.",Stealth
Investigation,"as I’m walking, investigate the dragon from a distance and see if there is any like, distinguishing marks or anything I know about the dragon from the past? Maybe History?",Investigation
Perception,"from 1-24…and then you get to 25 and it’s like, oh no! We’re almost out of numbers! And then you get to 26 and it’s the last number. It is.",Perception
Sleight of Hand,"it’s like a…three-timed switch? Uh, one is ‘test’, one is ‘on’, and one is ‘off’. What’s it currently on? It’s currently on ‘on’. I’m going to switch it to ‘off’.",Sleight of Hand
Perception,"it’s like a…three-timed switch? Uh, one is ‘test’, one is ‘on’, and one is ‘off’. What’s it currently on? It’s currently on ‘on’. I’m going to switch it to ‘off’.",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,face. Yeah. (as Tracey) THAT’S FOR TOUCHING MY FRIEND CHAD!!! [ laughs] And I try to pick Chad up and throw him over my shoulder and he just goes through…,Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"just goes through… It’s confusing. No, it’s confusing. [ chuckles] I want you to make a Sleight of Hand check to see if you hit the switch. Okay. Probably accidently.",Sleight of Hand
Athletics,"to do that. Or link elbows like the yellow brick road. Yeah, I like that a lot. Okay. [laughing] Okay. So Tracey and I link elbows… [sirens become louder again]",Athletics
Perception,fully embraces Inara and without realizing that she is now three feet off the ground. Fine with it. I think it’s pretty fun. All the games have been disabled so…,Athletics
Athletics,"And she jumps at you again. No. I’m going to, I’m going to block her. [ laughs, followed by dice roll] Acrobatics, 13? Yeah, she rolled higher than that. Damn.",Athletics
History,"Th-Thanks. (as Inara) [exhales] Hold on though, this is never going to work. We don’t know where Alonzo is. And he has the medallion. (as Franny) [deep in thought] Hmm…",History
Insight,"Every time the Council has tried to like, talk to me it’s been in my brain space before, and this, this is in my limb space. (as Inara) It’s true.",Insight
Investigation,"at it really hard and I just couldn’t, I just didn’t see it. I don’t know. I just don’t know. (as Tracey) Alright. They must all be physical entryways then.",Investigation
Perception,"from his toes and leading all the way up to his body to his head, he starts to turn invisible and heads out the back entrance as quietly as possible.",Stealth
Perception,our actual physical founder’s wall?! All of that can be yours and more by joining the MultiCrew! Head on over to multicrew.club to join us! Welcome to our newest patrons,Investigation
Investigation,"shoulders. (as Tracey) Don’t I…I’m good. And Tracey steps away. (as Holmes) We’re going to do the thing in a moment, a’ight? (as Tracey) Is my Danger Sensor going off?",Investigation
Investigation,"than that man. (as Holmes) [yells incoherently] A darn tootin! [chuckles] Inara, it is now your turn. I’d love to investigate the ceiling to see if there are any hatches.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"into his energy core/heart area. Okay. So, I think you’re going to have to drop and become visible as you do it, as you take the shadow cowl off. Sure.",Acrobatics
Perception,"the entire podcast. That’s sure true! And I’m like, well! The entire water filling the workshop trap…totally biffed it. Here’s an amazing item I came up with. [ chuckles] Like…congratulations.",Perception
Perception,[ laughs] Do you have some sort of DM table with interesting books? I always blank when people ask to search for books in my libraries. Says Tobias. [ chuckles],Investigation
Persuasion,"a DM. Because it really brought together all the skills that I've learned over the course of playing this game. I voiced about 200 [laughing] NPCs. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.",Persuasion
Perception,"Franny looks at you and says, (as Franny) Uh, blueberries are a superfood. So...gotta keep it tight. Inara nods and sits at the opposite end of the table. [ chuckles]",Insight
Perception,"loose Initiative. So that I know, who, in what order you guys are checking your stuff out. I’m going to roll for Oatcake. [all roll dice] [intense chords] 3! 15!",Investigation
Deception,"no. So, it's fine. Yeah. Every once in a while I’ll just like do some flashes of orange to make it look like I'm like shooting off magic, you know.",Perception
Deception,"no. So, it's fine. Yeah. Every once in a while I’ll just like do some flashes of orange to make it look like I'm like shooting off magic, you know.",Perception
Perception,"and chuckle] Alright, so now I'm going to go with Oatcake, and I'm going to do a roll for her to see what room she poofs into next. [dice rolls]",Perception
Perception,"you did it so well, I'll make you a role a Dexterity roll to see if you can get into the room and check anything out. [dice rolls] Uh, 7.",Perception
Stealth,that creating sentient life forms was the hardest things to create. There are a lot of nuts and bolts there. There's a lot of complicated wiring that happens in between.,Investigation
Animal Handling,"open, outside of Room 8. Okay, I'm going to gnaw unsuspiciously on my book. There are moths flapping around you, and you're still just like gnawing on your book? Yeah.",Investigation
Persuasion,"a DM. Because it really brought together all the skills that I've learned over the course of playing this game. I voiced about 200 [laughing] NPCs. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.",Persuasion
Acrobatics,strip mall in which the Electroshack is stationed. (as Tracey) [screaming] LEFT!!! LEFT!!! PIVOTTT!! (as Inara) Which left Tracey?! We've been over this!! (as Tracey) [still screaming] THE ONLY LEFT!!!,Investigation
Perception,"vision of it gets like a little wobbly. And as you step closer, closer to it, you're like 5 feet out and then you feel something cold. I look down.",Perception
Insight,"love to play it if you...don't mind. (as Joshua) [robotically] I'm no good at games. I'm clumsy! From my hands. (as Inara) Oh. Joshua, your hands look super...average to me.",Investigation
Perception,"machine, out here? Yes, there is a claw machine over next to the prize station. If I rummaged through the sides of my pack do, I have any tickets left?",Perception
Athletics,so you’re supposed to ring a duck. Yes. Yes. So Tracey reels back with the mightiest might that he can muster and rolls… [dice rolls and then laughs in response],Athletics
Persuasion,"But you can put the scapegoat down on the ground. As soon as it touches the ground, it turns into a regular size goat. And it does goat things. Yesss.",Persuasion
Stealth,"titans follow behind. From up in the rafters, cloaked in shadow, Inara aims, the neutralizer squarely at Alonzo's back. And as soon as he passes just under her, she fires.",Stealth
Stealth,"I'm going to continue to advance toward the ring. So, I want to be like within 10 feet, but definitely a different angle. And shoot Alonzo again with the neutralizer.",Stealth
Stealth,"the other direction from underneath the ring. Come out that side and then get up into the ring, behind the barrel as cover, and then attack the guy that way.",Stealth
Perception,"make a Stealth check to see if you can sneak up on these guys. [dice rolls] [whispers] Oh, nice! [ gasps] Good dice! 16 for Stealth. [ & imitate airhorns]",Stealth
Athletics,"tummy rub? On your turn you can use an action to try to interact with said giant Oatcake. So now, the dog is going to do some destruction! [dice rolls]",Athletics
Stealth,"thing. Heck yeah! Inara it is now your turn. So, for my action, I'm going to take one more shot at Alonzo. Okay. [ rolls dice] What am I rolling?",Stealth
Perception,"the second time. Alright. It is now Alabaster’s turn. Now, Tracey noticed that the battery packs were on the backs of these things right? Mhm. But no one else did.",Perception
Perception,"the second time. Alright. It is now Alabaster’s turn. Now, Tracey noticed that the battery packs were on the backs of these things right? Mhm. But no one else did.",Perception
Animal Handling,"love it. Inara is going to smile, take something out of her back pocket and yell, (as Inara) [yells] FETCH! And throw a stick directly at Council of Bright’s forehead.",Animal Handling
Perception,"fetch from Inara, so I'm just going to roll this Strength. [ rolls dice and then laughs heartily] Is it Alabaster’s? [still laughing] Oh my god! It’s Alabaster’s isn’t it?",Athletics
Investigation,"like this is mood lighting of his aura. Alright. While I'm this close, do I notice anything? Is he wearing any kind of battery, or tool, or necklace, or anything?",Perception
Investigation,"40 feet, so I think he probably is up with them, right? Yeah. You are like crowding the grappler and the barrel at this point. You can't do much, yeah.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"[disappointed] It’s a 10… No, no! My mojo! It took your mojo away! What if I did like a front flip and then shot him. Then could I use acrobatics?",Acrobatics
Stealth,"and columns and… Yeah, yeah. Like cutting through air. Like a ship. [laughing] I don’t know why that got me. That’s very good. Like a clipper sailing through the wind!",Investigation
Deception,"pull things off of the wall in the dressing room. And you just have a smelter, like in the corner, that you pull out of the closet. I mean obviously.",Deception
Deception,(as Inara) We're not just going to hand over an ancient relic from The Centering to just anyone. We wanted to make sure you knew what you were going for.,Deception
Athletics,and everyone will just pretend that they knew about it and then think that they forgot? (as Kohl) I think I have an idea. [short pause] [metallic foreboding music begins],Perception
History,"played Dungeons and/or Dragons. [ gasps excitedly] How did it stack up? Mike It felt great, my first 3 rolls were fucking dope! [ laughing] You rolled very well! Mike",History
Investigation,"really but I can make myself look different and my clothes look different. Oh, Cool. The cape spin was just flare. [ & laughing] , what does the text say?",Investigation
Perception,"hear, there are crowds that are lined up outside of the arena, like kind of tailgating before the game. [gasping] What are they making?! Yeah, what are these dope snacks?",Perception
Deception,"- I [contemplating] … but the dog did a big, POOF! Mike (as Twister) No! Reginald this dog’s name is Oatcake. That doesn’t even sound like Lucius, you’re being ridiculous.",Deception
Deception,"(as Twister) [hesitantly] Wait, you guys-you want to go backstage? (as Tracey) We have a package we have to deliver. (as Inara) Yeah. Mike (as Twister) Oh, well. Alright, uh…",Investigation
Persuasion,"Oh yeah, no, I wonder if they got my writer in time, because… And then I’ll just try to mutter, like, [ incoherently mumbles] And point to the paper. Right.",Persuasion
Performance,"the hallway slightly, and then start to ride down. I’m going to circle the ring once and then twice, and kickflip over the rope into the center of the ring.",Stealth
History,"Sweet! Wow, we’ll be invested in the same outcome. Yeah, I’ll go through and I can use some of that plumber lingo that I’m used to using on the day-to-day.",History
History,"to you, or you can do a History check to see if you remember which one, which one are the deluxe suites. So, it would have the headliners in. Mike",History
History,"aspect of it, and then put a tiny piece of catnip on the end and the cat would crawl out. You re-adjust and re-tighten the nut. [ cackles] Nailed it!",History
Investigation,Gordon Lighthammer. Who blessedly doesn’t stick his head out the door frame to see where you’re going. (as Gordon Lighthammer) I’m only going to look this way! See you later!,Investigation
Investigation,"Smart. Good. Yeah, I’m going to try and pick the drawers one by one. First, sort of assessing them, to see if I can sense any trap or anti-theft situation.",Investigation
Intimidation,was posturing because he was trying to figure out what the best method of getting out of these chains would be. It clearly was not posturing being murderous. [ chuckles],Intimidation
Stealth,"Tracey) [whispering back] Okay. Beep boop. And then, um, I’m going to duck into a supply closet that is conveniently on the hallway. I go into the supply closet too.",Stealth
Survival,"obvious that it’s you!! [ & laughing] [still laughing] When you say that, he pulls like, a cloak out of his pocket [ laughing heartily] and throws it over Tracey.",Survival
Survival,"obvious that it’s you!! [ & laughing] [still laughing] When you say that, he pulls like, a cloak out of his pocket [ laughing heartily] and throws it over Tracey.",Survival
History,"can see that there is a mild glow that you’ve also like recognized before. This isn’t like malicious overhead lighting, this is like a nice warm glow from down there.",History
History,"like recognized before. This isn’t like malicious overhead lighting, this is like a nice warm glow from down there. And can I place that at all? Can I roll History?",History
Acrobatics,"an entire pie. Lingonberry rhubarb, something that she had saved just for this occasion. Uh yeah, Head, slash, ship by ship, OTP, OTP3, OC11, slash slash slash... [Electronic music transitions]",Acrobatics
Perception,"an entire pie. Lingonberry rhubarb, something that she had saved just for this occasion. Uh yeah, Head, slash, ship by ship, OTP, OTP3, OC11, slash slash slash... [Electronic music transitions]",Acrobatics
History,I do think we’re friends. Tracey slowly nods once. (as Driftwood Franny Sunflower) Do you know what the thing is that powers your whole biz? Tracey shakes his head no.,History
Stealth,"sound. [everyone laughing mixed with Tracey’s muffled screams] So, I get advantage if a creature I’m trying to attach hasn’t taken a turn, and I auto-crit on surprised creatures, so...",Stealth
History,"you’ve seen it before, but if you see it I would love to get my hand on it cause I think it’s tied to all these things happening right now.",History
Investigation,"going to go to the kitchen and start trying to pull out some tea or coffee, whatever I found there. And make it for the group as we get up.",Investigation
Perception,"guess not. But we still don’t- I really thought we were going to catch him. We still don’t really know what is happening with Alonzo, you know what I mean?",Persuasion
Performance,"[announcing loudly] Come one, come all! I have a question and a request. Okay. One, does Tallahassee know how to play chess? We’re about to find out- Guess we’ll see!",Performance
Performance,"guess I’ll lurk around also. And maybe in addition, if there are people waiting on line I will talk to them as well- Cool, cool, cool. About the Midnight Man.",Performance
Investigation,"guess I’ll lurk around also. And maybe in addition, if there are people waiting on line I will talk to them as well- Cool, cool, cool. About the Midnight Man.",Performance
Performance,"guess I’ll lurk around also. And maybe in addition, if there are people waiting on line I will talk to them as well- Cool, cool, cool. About the Midnight Man.",Performance
Deception,"as Autumn) Alright, thanks again. (as Miss Morgan) That is so kind. Autumn… last name? Autumn…? (as Inara, as Autumn) [unsure] Breeze… [laughing in the background] (as Miss Morgan) Breeze…",Investigation
Stealth,"work [chuckling] And then hands the glittering chunk of rock to Finale. [ giggling] Character growth. And then mimes, like Head, rock, hit. (as Finale) [whispering] I got you Tracey",Stealth
Perception,"[Door slams] And as you descend, floors and floors down, you hear the light and effervescent sound- [Mellow elevator music begins] Of elevator music. [Mellow elevator music slowly fades out]",Perception
Investigation,"forcefield is. Okay, the force field is similar magic to what you feel was powering Alabaster. If I walk around it, is there any obvious break in the field? Or…?",Perception
Investigation,"I walk around it, is there any obvious break in the field? Or…? Make an investigation check. Does anyone else want to make a check while Brando is doing this?",Investigation
Perception,"this episode? Or what kind of, I don’t know, long-term reveals you might want to reveal? [ chuckles] Or did you then choose the setting for it? Or vice versa?",Persuasion
Deception,"a drink. Do you think maybe we should talk down there? Wink. [ laughs] (as Tracey) Inara, she just said wink out loud, can you just do that?! (as Inara)",Persuasion
Investigation,"know where you are going. This kenku, is like, the door person. (as Finale) Yeah, maybe we should leave the teethling here? I’m sure they can take care of it.",Investigation
Investigation,"Can I roll an investigation check to see how trustworthy this door attendant is? And the general vibe, if we can leave Kohl here to recuperate or sleep it off?",Investigation
Investigation,"off? So, you can do an investigation check to check out the room or you can do an inside check to check the kenku. Let’s do inside. Okay [dice rolls]",Perception
Investigation,"[chuckles], 4+5 for a 9. It’s so weird, how they’re making different sounds with their mouth. [ laughs] Rude. [ continues laughing] Rude. I have talked with kenku before, sir.",Deception
Investigation,"booth. (as Inara) Booths are great. (as Mac) But also, also you’ve got to pay for these. (as Inara) Start a tab. (as Mac) That’s fair. Alright Finale’s tab. Good.",Investigation
Perception,"booth. (as Inara) Booths are great. (as Mac) But also, also you’ve got to pay for these. (as Inara) Start a tab. (as Mac) That’s fair. Alright Finale’s tab. Good.",Investigation
Investigation,"the booth, I want to make a investigation check or a perception check, just to see if there is anyone in the bar that we need to be worried about.",Investigation
Perception,"fetch in between the dimensions. So, sometimes she’ll go away for a little bit. And I did that to distract her when there was danger. [Coos] Isn’t that right girl?",Perception
Stealth,one is real and which ones are illusions so I would love to do a stealthy sneak. Low to the ground. Always subtle like Inara is. Over at the table.,Stealth
Perception,that Mac serves behind the counter! (as Tracey) Got him! I heard he’s a cat! (as Mac) I’m definitely not a cat. Meow. [laughing ]I lean down over the beer.,Stealth
Deception,"to say press this button, and in your head, your like, I should press that button, but this game is all about doing the opposite of what Simon says. Okay?",Deception
Perception,"makeup. Tracey raises his hand! Absolutely you got it, buddy. I draw my dagger and back away slowly. [ laughs] Aw, but you’d look so good with a smokey eye.",Perception
Persuasion,will be very careful not to report this to your bosses ot their bosses as we go into Creative. It’s been a pleasure. I’m Tracey. And I shake Trent’s hand.,Persuasion
Deception,"(as Inara) If you have no food or water for my dog, then you would be violating the Fidapolis, by which I mean Concentra, Animal Handling Statute of last year.",Deception
Deception,"my dog, then you would be violating the Fidapolis, by which I mean Concentra, Animal Handling Statute of last year. I wanna roll Deception because I have a +9 modifier.",Deception
Deception,"my dog, then you would be violating the Fidapolis, by which I mean Concentra, Animal Handling Statute of last year. I wanna roll Deception because I have a +9 modifier.",Deception
Perception,Just go. (as Tracey) Do you know Onion? Bye! [ giggling] (as Trent) What? (as Inara) Vanjor… [ laughing] And the elevator door closes. [elevator door closing and elevator rising],Investigation
Perception,Just go. (as Tracey) Do you know Onion? Bye! [ giggling] (as Trent) What? (as Inara) Vanjor… [ laughing] And the elevator door closes. [elevator door closing and elevator rising],Investigation
Deception,"laughing] And it goes a little something like this- (as elf receptionist) Uh, hi, welcome to Concentra Wrestling Championship, Infropois outpost. How can I help you? (as Kohl) Louisa, right?",Deception
Investigation,"walk through the next door, yeah, this office looks exactly the same. I hate this place so much. And there is another receptionist here. (as Tracey) Inara, I wanna die.",Investigation
Deception,"Lunch. (as Lawrence) You recently said you were Tracey. (as Inara) What is your doctorate in? (as Tracey) Doctor Tracey Lunch. Um why don’t you- [laughing] (as Tracey) Inara, Shh!",Deception
Deception,Doctor Lunch is a druid? (as Inara) Yeah. Why do you think she needs a mouthpiece while she’s in this form? Oatcake tongue is lolling out and she’s panting happily.,Persuasion
History,"recognize the bear? Uh, you- From the holiday party? [all giggling] Oh my god- Did you do karaoke with this bear? You guys did a duet at the holiday party.",History
History,"JOINTHEPARTY, for 20% off. That’s twenty (the full word) sided store dot com and use our discount code JOINTHEPARTY. And now, let’s get back to the show. [shimmering transition note]",History
Arcana,"sided store dot com and use our discount code JOINTHEPARTY. And now, let’s get back to the show. [shimmering transition note] I’m gonna roll a History check. You wanna know-",History
Arcana,"and use our discount code JOINTHEPARTY. And now, let’s get back to the show. [shimmering transition note] I’m gonna roll a History check. You wanna know- Or an Arcana check.",Arcana
Animal Handling,"your robe, and as you fully remove it and toss it in front of you, a spectral bulldog appears in between you and Oatcake. Cerberus! They're like fifty feet tall.",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"say (as Inara) Huh? Huh? You want it? And fetch! And I’m gonna throw it onto the other end of the lobby. (as Inara) Thanks, Cerb! Turn around and run.",Animal Handling
Athletics,"or three sessions with one person and then shift over for two or three sessions and not maybe flip back and forth every time, but it could be fun. Sure.",Athletics
Perception,"our discount code, JOINTHEPARTY, for 20% off. That’s twenty (the full word) sided store dot com and use our discount code JOINTHEPARTY. And now, let’s get back to the show.",History
Athletics,"it opens its mouth and the Speaker’s voice comes out. (as the Speaker) [grainy, through the film] Alonzo, stay here. You are not allowed to leave until I come back.",Stealth
Deception,get a bonus that would - Help that encounter? Help that particular tenor. But if you want to do a different sort of emotion… Throw ‘em off! Make it laugh!,Deception
Deception,"the tenor of the room, you need to do a Deception check to convince it that it is something different. That is delightful and very helpful for a not robot.",Deception
Deception,"Boöster's” Oh my freaking lord. Oh no. And the name on it is Gervin. (as Greg) Hey look, I’m the manger now. I’m the manager of Doöve & Boöster’s. Wow.",Deception
Deception,"he can convince people that he’s the manager. [ laughs] That is freaking delightful. That’s so specific. (as Greg) Hey, I’m Gervin! ANd I’m the manager of Doöve & Boöster's.",Deception
Deception,(as Tracey) Wait is that the game? (as Greg) No see this is the thing does - (as Tracey) Whaaaaat?! (as Inara) Whaaaaaat?! (as Greg) Hey look! I’m Gervin! Welcome-,Deception
Perception,"and then the second time he got attacked and then frightened. Oatcake was afraid of number 15. Yeah. Which because it was the actual monster- She was frightened, got it.",Perception
Religion,They all look pretty much the same. I’m gonna do a ritual Detect Magic and see if any of that - it’s just everywhere isn't it? It’s everywhere. [ laughs],Religion
Investigation,"It’s everywhere. [ laughs] As I’m flying around, I’m going to try to look for what I think Johnny would look for and do a Religion check. Okay. [dice rolling]",Religion
Religion,"for and do a Religion check. Okay. [dice rolling] And I’m gonna do an Investigation check as well, to look deeper at these. I got a 15. [dice rolling] 10.",Religion
Religion,to do with time and space and the way that the universe moves is up to Ze’ol. Inara tickles a door. [ and laugh] Does that do anything to you?,Religion
Insight,the most annoying door. Tracey? (as Tracey) Did you find something? Did the tickling work? (as Inara) I think it did. And I think it’s the door on the ceiling.,Investigation
Perception,"claws in your back, but you don't care. The next time you have to roll a Wisdom saving throw, I’ll give you advantage. How’s that? Oh that’s great, thank you.",Perception
Perception,"(as Tracey) No, it’s just a handshake. (as Inara) We can make one up when we win. (as Greg) I like that. And he grabs your hand. [audience booing fades]",Athletics
Athletics,"tried my best! I tried singing! That’s what I do - the singing! (as Inara) Alright, Jailmice huddle! (as Tracey) Are we decided on that? I don't know. (as Inara)",Athletics
Stealth,"by leaves. And I am going to hang onto the branch with my knees, with my legs interlocked above it, and swing down to grasp the lizard in my hands.",Athletics
Stealth,"the branch with my knees, with my legs interlocked above it, and swing down to grasp the lizard in my hands. I love that. Start with the Stealth roll, then.",Stealth
Perception,"There's windows with bars on them, and there's a skeleton off to the side, but that skeleton may or may not be fake. (as Inara) Aw guys, memories! [ laughs]",Perception
Investigation,"advance toward the snake. Slowly, cautiously! I'm keeping the mirror in front of the snake's head and I'm kind of looking under it and around it to track its movements.",Perception
Sleight of Hand,out if you grab the cheese. [dice rolling] It's a nat twenty on my rose gold metal die! Oh my god! Michael Nice! Nice! Jesus. All the rats die. Woo!,Sleight of Hand
Arcana,"focused on Tracey. Michael While I'm concentrating my Kamehameha fire burst of the sun, roasting up some delicious rats- Why do you gotta describe it every time? [ laughs] Michael",Athletics
Investigation,"over there? 'Cause I think that's kind of what's causing all these rats to appear. You know, the giant rat trap? It's probably causing the rats. (as Inara) Uh, sure?",Investigation
Investigation,"toward the trap, glancing nervously overhead at the sun [all laugh] and do an Investigation check to see if I can trigger this trap without getting a hand chopped off.",Investigation
Arcana,"she's standing and clapping, and a bunch of other people who you haven't seen before are holding balloons and have streamers and there is a banner that says, “Congratulations!"" Michael",Arcana
Investigation,get all of the prizes and treasure and stuff. (as Inara) Uh-uh. (as Tracey) Where's the eagle? (as Corelia) What eagle? I do not know what eagle you're talking about.,Insight
Insight,get all of the prizes and treasure and stuff. (as Inara) Uh-uh. (as Tracey) Where's the eagle? (as Corelia) What eagle? I do not know what eagle you're talking about.,Insight
Insight,treasure and stuff. (as Inara) Uh-uh. (as Tracey) Where's the eagle? (as Corelia) What eagle? I do not know what eagle you're talking about. Can I roll Insight or Investigation?,Insight
Perception,"Inara do you wanna do anything? Looking at Tracey again, I've never seen his eyes so vacant. I'm going to look around the room again for some kind of exit.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"that- Michael (as Johnny) He’s gonna turn around and see that I’m gone. Come on, let me pop down there for a couple of days and I- The Undying Light",Acrobatics
Insight,"the god of - I’m only the god of time and dying, so - (as Tracey) Not of lying. (as Ze'ol) So, I wouldn’t know what you’re talking about. Michael",Insight
Deception,"can get lung cancer! You could get emphysema! You can- Michael Ah, stupid jokes. (as Tracey) I have this pamphlet here for you that’s- Michael Of course, you have pamphlets.",Insight
Arcana,"care of that for you. You guys go - you go over to those HORSE stables, they need you. Michael Could I like look for Divination specific to her stuff?",Arcana
Intimidation,"it. (as Tracey) Yeah, it’s pretty simple, we clean the thing, just - (as Onion) Hey, shut up, pledge! (as Tracey) I will literally chop you in half. [ laughs]",Intimidation
Acrobatics,"know, normal things. This is my mixtape for my cleaning run. You write your name on the wall, or on the- I do, in cursive. That’s a great point, Tracey.",Acrobatics
Survival,"on the floor for the first time that day. Maybe there’s a little chill to the floorboards, or maybe your window is frosted at the corners. Either way, you know",Survival
Perception,"on the floor for the first time that day. Maybe there’s a little chill to the floorboards, or maybe your window is frosted at the corners. Either way, you know",Survival
Survival,"on the floor for the first time that day. Maybe there’s a little chill to the floorboards, or maybe your window is frosted at the corners. Either way, you know",Survival
History,"astounded. He just can’t even form words anymore. Michael (as Johnny) Hey Joe! Do you know anything about this quote “Retainer, these trials are for you. Pass and be rewarded.”",History
Performance,"want to without consulting anyone do a thing. Okay. Michael I want to play the notes A, G, C, B, C, D, B, A, B, B, F, A, D, F.",Performance
Performance,"want to without consulting anyone do a thing. Okay. Michael I want to play the notes A, G, C, B, C, D, B, A, B, B, F, A, D, F.",Performance
Investigation,"to pull it out of the wall, and it’s pretty wedged in there. You can’t get it out. I would like to investigate the pedestal. What’s it made out of?",Investigation
Investigation,each of us can ask a question? I don’t say out loud… I think to myself. [ laughs] Is there anything remarkable about the crushed pieces of the other statue?,Investigation
Medicine,"and hit his own leg with the Sawbone. Alright, let’s start with a Constitution saving throw to see if you can - if you actually do this. [dice rolling] 18.",Medicine
Sleight of Hand,"Inara) Guys, go get the table please. Bridge and Tracey come over to the table. Before Bridge walks away, Inara’s going to pickpocket him for gold. [ laughing] Michael Yes!",Sleight of Hand
Perception,you say (as voice) Does anyone know how to sing? Anybody? Anyone in this soup place know how to sing? Tracey raises his hand. Michael Johnny immediately lowers Tracey’s hand.,Persuasion
Perception,trying to figure that out for an hour. (as halfling) I’m having a huge problem and I need you three to help me. (as Tracey) What’s happening? What’s going on?,Persuasion
Performance,"[all laughing] Have they thought about- (as Paige) It’s good. It’s good. I promise it’s good. Michael (as Johnny) Okay, fine. (as Paige) Okay, god, everyone you’re coming with me.",Performance
History,"is called, “The Lamentable Farce of the Princes.” I want everyone to make a History or a Performance check to see how much you know about the play. [dice rolling]",History
History,"an 18 on History. Oh, hell yeah, good. Michael Johnny in his fantasy high school was absolutely one of the supporting actors in this. He got a 16. Okay, cool.",History
Performance,on a scale of one to ten. We’re going to start at five and then I have an audience favor table that I’m going to keep track of. Uh oh.,Performance
Perception,"Louis Knight Daniels wants time with you like in the actual costume. So, we’re waiting in the wings. Yeah. Attached, next to Paige. And I am still not saying anything.",Perception
Perception,"attend a meeting arranged by their parents. And Paige whispers in Johnny’s ear (as Paige) Alright, Johnny, you’re on. Just look cool and tough. That’s it. Michael I stroll in.",Performance
Performance,"that promotion. I want the two princes to take Samson’s attendant more seriously, so I’m going to intimidatingly walk on over and in the meantime also step on the rope.",Performance
Stealth,"an attack from inside its own butt, so- [ laughs] She’s going to punch up inside the hollow apparatus of the tail and slash her daggers in like an x-shape.",Stealth
Stealth,"rolling] So, the attack roll is a 17. That hits. So, the damage is a 4 and a 5. Okay. Plus, I got a 9 on my Sneak Attack bonus.",Stealth
Perception,"no! Tracey jiggles the handle, realizes it’s stuck, and says (as Tracey) [speaking in grizzly voice] Alas, the door is stuck. And tries to rip the door off its hinges.",Investigation
Performance,Inara’s going to hit the tambourine really somberly with a minimum of rattling. [ laughs] Just trying to give that like solid beat. Tracey’s playing in the key of B.,Performance
Survival,"creatively. Michael To be clear, actually gave us mazes, which isn’t the first time he’s done this to players. That’s true. Paper mazes printed out. We had to do them.",Survival
Survival,"creatively. Michael To be clear, actually gave us mazes, which isn’t the first time he’s done this to players. That’s true. Paper mazes printed out. We had to do them.",Survival
Perception,"this, I just realized, that he’s a licensed therapist. [ laughing] Yup. Do you guys agree with that it’s- that it’s good to edit that tightly, what do you- Yeah.",Perception
Investigation,of the robe and dressed and let’s get moving. Yeah let’s get out of here. Michael I take a look at his stuff in the living room while he’s upstairs.,Investigation
Nature,"you know, the best I can. And I can- we can try to go in together. We gotta go through the maze, there’s no way to get around it. Michael",Nature
Survival,"I’m good with the land and stuff, so I can try to lead you guys in if you want. (as Tracey) I mean, yeah let’s do it. (as Inara) Sure.",Survival
Survival,"I’m good with the land and stuff, so I can try to lead you guys in if you want. (as Tracey) I mean, yeah let’s do it. (as Inara) Sure.",Survival
Survival,"Trace, what’d you get? Hey , what’d you roll? What’d you roll? I got a 2 minus 1 for a 1. Aww. Oh no. Michael Non-natural 1, so it’s okay.",Survival
Survival,"Trace, what’d you get? Hey , what’d you roll? What’d you roll? I got a 2 minus 1 for a 1. Aww. Oh no. Michael Non-natural 1, so it’s okay.",Survival
Survival,"the back of a big eagle going over the maze. [all laughing] Michael I genuinely can’t solve this maze. Okay, so Vince says (as Vince) Alright, y’all, just follow me.",Survival
Survival,"the back of a big eagle going over the maze. [all laughing] Michael I genuinely can’t solve this maze. Okay, so Vince says (as Vince) Alright, y’all, just follow me.",Survival
Investigation,"clearing in front of you. And you walk through, and you see the beautiful spring day. You made it through the maze. Whoa! But Vince is not at the end.",Perception
Insight,(as Vince) No. Tracey has a moment where he thinks about slicing open Vince’s stomach. (as Vince) Where do you get a gator? Where do you even get a gator?,Insight
Perception,roll insight to see if he’s lying? Lying about the gator? Michael If he’s lion? Sure. Michael If he’s lion about the gator? [dice rolling] 17 + 2 for 19.,Perception
Perception,"back is just expanding, and there is a massive fuckin’ lion staring at you in the face, and I want you to roll a Strength check right now. [music fades]",Athletics
Survival,"Johnny and Inara, you see the puff of purple smoke, but if you wanna go find Tracey, I as your DM am going to give you one maze harder. Michael",Survival
Survival,"Johnny and Inara, you see the puff of purple smoke, but if you wanna go find Tracey, I as your DM am going to give you one maze harder. Michael",Survival
Survival,your DM am going to give you one maze harder. Michael I am going to roll a Survival check to get another maze from the DM to head towards Tracey.,Survival
Survival,your DM am going to give you one maze harder. Michael I am going to roll a Survival check to get another maze from the DM to head towards Tracey.,Survival
Acrobatics,"end with Tai Chi. [breathing] I tell him all about my struggles with my inner rage and how I learned to control it, and hopefully impart some wisdom onto him.",Acrobatics
Deception,"can I go hang out with these people? (as Tracey) [imitating Ferguson] Yes you can! (as Inara) Oh, weird, huh, okay let's go. (as Tracey) Did you guys hear that?",Deception
Investigation,"best you don't touch those things. The cows look fine. Some of them have weird clawed feet, but other than that, they’re just kind of like messing with each other.",Perception
Investigation,"different, but I don’t- this is the only water source that I have, unless I’m gonna go over to the well each time and pump water for all my cows.",Investigation
Perception,"store dot com, or in person in Brooklyn, New York. Alright, let’s get back to the show. [musical transition repeats] [babbling creek, birds and crickets chirping, cows in the distance]",History
Arcana,"using, because I’m like cleaning it using the spell, discern from doing that spell, perhaps the materials in it that caused it to be impure as I turn it pure?",Arcana
Arcana,I roll- Can Johnny open a chemistry lab real fast? Michael Johnny takes out his “My First Chemistry Set” and just lays out a whole table. Takes out a pipette.,Arcana
Stealth,"to pop open and sneak into. There’s also a door for a loading dock, but if you try it, it’s locked. Inara is going to flip up into the vent.",Athletics
Athletics,"to pop open and sneak into. There’s also a door for a loading dock, but if you try it, it’s locked. Inara is going to flip up into the vent.",Athletics
Religion,"interference that might be going on. Any kind of like magic from a divine sense. I gotcha. I know exactly- Michael So, like where could Ze’ol have been messing with?",Religion
Religion,"divine sense. I gotcha. I know exactly- Michael So, like where could Ze’ol have been messing with? I got you, I got you. So Johnny, make a Religion check. Michael",Religion
Performance,did not have that ability. Does Inara believe it? Is she worried? I think Inara probably is performing indifference. But will just casually avoid oceans while we’re in Chronopolis. Michael,Performance
Performance,did not have that ability. Does Inara believe it? Is she worried? I think Inara probably is performing indifference. But will just casually avoid oceans while we’re in Chronopolis. Michael,Performance
Athletics,"the live show, it seemed like it was pretty straightforward. I did not have a resolution for how you were supposed to bring down the Zaratan. Love it. Oh, classic.",Athletics
Animal Handling,"I think that’s what’s really cool about improv, and I think ’s been killing’ it with it so far. We’ll see. We’ll see [laughing] Thanks, bro. Thank you. Jury’s out.",Animal Handling
Perception,"do you have a train to catch? Michael (as Johnny) [mumbling] Yes I do! It’s me, Joe! Derrr. I want everyone to make- Michael (as Johnny) I’m Joe the Camel!",Persuasion
Investigation,"of the magic circle, you don’t feel any different. It does feel a little bit warmer. It’s a- now all of a sudden it is a nice spring day. Alright.",Investigation
History,"or in person in Brooklyn, New York. Alright, that’s all the housekeeping for today, so now, let’s get back to the show. [echoing note] [birds chirping, crickets, motorcycles revving up]",History
Athletics,"she can do any damage. He and Inara pump her for information on the Blackfish and, calmly but solemnly, Inara assassinates the turncoat. The party moves onto their second mission",Athletics
Acrobatics,"she can do any damage. He and Inara pump her for information on the Blackfish and, calmly but solemnly, Inara assassinates the turncoat. The party moves onto their second mission",Athletics
Perception,"out for making a good “patina” joke in the last episode, so I- I will take my niche professions, I think people really enjoy them. Michael Yeah, patinas… w... [laughter]",Insight
Perception,"feel a thump. And everything shakes the trees, the punch in your glasses, the fences, each respective part in Tracey each kind of jiggles. I… okay, I hate this. [laughter]",Investigation
Stealth,"It doesn’t matter. Michael He- Well here’s the thing, lies about his rolls. They’re always terrible. Michael He doesn’t, no he tells the truth that his rolls are that bad.",Stealth
Athletics,"doesn’t die. No, he just hangs out. Michael Okay, cool. He’s fine. And Johnny- Why would he die?! Michael I don’t know, I’m worried he’s in the way or something!",Athletics
Athletics,"Athletics roll. Michael I mean, I Light Step so I should be fine. Yeah, you can’t Light Step all the way, you’ve gotta grab onto one of the plants. Michael",Athletics
Athletics,"onto the mountain? Jump… I think. Michael I’m sorry I Light Stepped, I used a magic spell, a level 2 spell, by the way, and it didn’t work, so jumping?",Athletics
Acrobatics,"casting these lights- Okay. Michael So now with these four guys, I must ask… what is the light situation? It’s pretty cool! There ya go! Michael Alright, very cool. Ooo!",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,"or blackjack con, it’s great. Michael Remember that time I couldn’t read numbers? What are we doing? Commentary. Tracey’s jumping on this turtle’s legs, let’s go. There we go. Michael",Athletics
Athletics,"or blackjack con, it’s great. Michael Remember that time I couldn’t read numbers? What are we doing? Commentary. Tracey’s jumping on this turtle’s legs, let’s go. There we go. Michael",Athletics
Perception,"is like you’re- it’s really like rock climbing. “Surprisingly Rocky” was the subtitle of my graduate thesis. Michael Nice. [laughter] Sorry, was that too real? That’s good. PJ, killin it.",Perception
Animal Handling,"it. Johnny, you hear a chittering sound like a “chee-chee-chee-chee-chee-chee” Michael I “chee-chee-chee-chee-chee” back. [laughter] Do you want me to do it, or-? Yeah, do it. Michael (as Johnny) Chee-chee-chee-chee-chee-chee-chee.",Animal Handling
Perception,"What’s the tie-dye one labeled, Schubes? Mike (as Jeffrey) That one is called “Slippin”… Slippin’ the slide whistle. [laughter] Michael I absolutely grab Slippin’ the slide whistle. Okay. Michael Absolutely.",Perception
Animal Handling,"slide whistle over to Inara. (as Inara) Johnny, we got it away from him, let’s go! Michael Inara and Johnny leave. (as Inara) No, no, no talk to the mountain!",Animal Handling
Intimidation,"Inara) No, no, no talk to the mountain! It’s still stomping forward. You can try to make an Animal Handling check. I don’t have very good numbers on that. Michael",Intimidation
Perception,"gotta go and- go and start! And Johnny, she takes you by the hand and pulls you away from the crowd. Michael Great. With ce running behind you. [musical transition]",Perception
Medicine,and this is a two-sided axe and there are snakes that curl around the handle- Neat! And go up above the axe. Neat! They’re named Macaroni and Cheese. [ gasps],Medicine
Intimidation,"[ giggling] Just bouncing it around in his hands like- Michael (as Johnny) Uh, Kevin, how'd you like that earlier fall? How about you step back before you fall again?",Intimidation
Arcana,"a lot over the last few days, and Tracey, I just wanna get a hand on what is happening here. Michael Hey, am I passively sensing any kind of magic?",Arcana
Deception,"not trust any of this. Michael (as Johnny) Well, I don’t know about- (as Tracey) [whispering] Johnny. Johnny. [dice rolling] That was a good insult. It was a good burn.",Deception
Perception,"You know, if I could make like a stretchy but healthy fruit-roll-up type thing I would use papaya. (as Inara) Oh yeah, really good for the road- yeah, love it.",Perception
Perception,"and I think it’s something that like I feel like almost D&D has like a bad rap, because I guess when i had heard of it- It’s devil worshipping. Mike",Perception
Perception,"and I think it’s something that like I feel like almost D&D has like a bad rap, because I guess when i had heard of it- It’s devil worshipping. Mike",Perception
Arcana,"then the head producer, the one with the black hat, looks up and sees the Arcane Eye, and then there's even more movement from all of the mud people. Michael",Perception
Investigation,"it is. It’s like a secret- there's a secret around here, it was like a chute, and I can't figure it out. It must be sealed over by the mud.",Investigation
Animal Handling,"it's your friend, Alonzo. Michael You think we forgot about him, but cha boy Alonzo's back! Bra-bra-bra! Oatcake is going to bound over to him and start licking his face.",Animal Handling
Insight,cool hair. Is it dyed? It’s dyed. It’s dyed red hair. Do they go to the salon or they do it themselves do you think? They do it themselves. Michael,Persuasion
Perception,"roll- but has the most obvious deterioration, as in like clearly this is the one they’ve looked at the most. Sure, why don’t you do Investigation? Michael Sure. That’s fair.",Investigation
Stealth,"yourself, or are you grabbing them? No I’m yelling at them and grabbing them as I go towards the door. Cool. Maybe I turn the light off. [ and laughing]",Stealth
Stealth,"the lantern. And I’m sad that I don’t have a pet friend. And Tallahassee is still a bag. Michael Eduardo, Bob, Janice, and Carl are back with me. [all laughing]",Investigation
Perception,"towards the desk. And the desk has the open chest on it. And P0R0 goes (as P0R0) [human voice, distinct from usual robot voice] Oh shit. [melody finishes, music stops]",Persuasion
Perception,"towards the desk. And the desk has the open chest on it. And P0R0 goes (as P0R0) [human voice, distinct from usual robot voice] Oh shit. [melody finishes, music stops]",Persuasion
Insight,Salmon) Um… Would you believe me if I really wanted to marry Representative Brink? Michael (as Johnny) No. Not at all. (as Salmon) [sounding strained] Because that’s the reason… Michael,Insight
Sleight of Hand,"you. Uh… (as Tracey) Now, Inara, there will be no murdering today, this day. As I cock my gun. [all laughing] (as Inara) I don’t grant favors to thieves, bud.",Sleight of Hand
Sleight of Hand,"cock my gun. [all laughing] (as Inara) I don’t grant favors to thieves, bud. And I would like to roll Sleight of Hand to steal the potion from his hand.",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"I know that it’s not a good- it’s not a good excuse, but I just take things. It doesn’t matter. I- I’ll be the bad boy of this season. Michael",Deception
Performance,enjoy the mud? How about we get some sky and some light? How about we get some education for our children?! Okay- (as Inara) Where’s my one-on-one date?! [all laughing],Performance
Performance,enjoy the mud? How about we get some sky and some light? How about we get some education for our children?! Okay- (as Inara) Where’s my one-on-one date?! [all laughing],Performance
Animal Handling,"know, at the end of the day, at least we can look at ourselves in the mirror and say, “I didn’t vomit today.” Fish almost vomited in real life. Michael",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"vomited in real life. Michael I don’t handle that kind of stuff well, and just thinking about going on a roller coaster ride without like being more prepared for it…",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,for a roller coaster ride? Michael You- you- laugh at me if you want. I will not! Michael I played Roller Coaster Tycoon 3. I looooove it. Love it. Michael,Animal Handling
Investigation,"panic, and I was gonna try to make you pull the emergency brake or something. Can’t phase me. I’m just too good, you know? You always roll well on- Everything.",Investigation
Investigation,"good. Yeah, the mirror is not magical. Does it take like a couple inches off your waist, is it that kind of magic? [dice rolling] Yeah. It, uh- [Michael laughing]",Arcana
Nature,"the medicine cabinet that’s attached to the mirror? What do I get? [ laughing] Give me things, dad! Michael Give me! [in child-like voice] I want medicina! I want more!",Nature
Animal Handling,"me. Sure. And take Oatcake out of my pack and say (as Inara) Girl, do your thing. Is there anything interesting around here, in this plane or another? [music fades]",Animal Handling
Stealth,"Who wants to do something? raises his hand. Alright, , what do you want to do? I’m gonna try to slip out the door that has opened… [Michael groans heavily]",Perception
Persuasion,"everything. If there was a room that we didn’t know about, that is- that would be crazy. [dice rolling] Michael Did you just roll without announcing what it’s gonna be?",Persuasion
Perception,"know, right? (as the producer) [amused] I’d like to see you try. See ya later! And Tracey, you start to sink back through the ground. [low, faint, horn-like melody plays]",Investigation
History,"announcer) What another great gladiator match here at Arch Spire Hideaway! Congratulations to our winner, the Council of Bright’s very own Designation 2457! Everyone, stay ready and stay bright! Michael",History
History,"catches in your brain, but that’s it. Michael Eh, I’ll try to think about it later. Can I tell if this was recent? Like by the clothing people are wearing?",History
Perception,"Great. Michael And since I’m the last one in and I don’t really want to do this, I pull the emergency brake off. [faint music begins with long breathy notes]",Perception
Perception,just falls out of the thing because he’s going too fast. Michael Johnny is going to murder both of his companions and make this cart go as slow as possible.,Persuasion
Perception,"I’m going to attempt us to slow down. Faster. Johnny, do you want to lean back or do you want to try to pull the brake? Michael I lean back.",Athletics
Perception,"the emergency brake. Michael I’m not pulling the emergency brake, because if it breaks and we actually have to brake at some point, it’s gonna be bad news. [ laughing]",Perception
Investigation,two people who are squabbling behind you. You look forward and you see two massive jaws coming out of the track ahead of you. Like organic? Like flesh and… bone?,Investigation
Animal Handling,"you access to drawings, character backstories, bloopers, and so much more at patreon.com/jointhepartypod. We’ll see you in two weeks. You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here.",Animal Handling
Deception,"the Undyin’ Light, and in the meantime I can help you out, and place that crown up on the horse’s head so you and I can be the victors. Michael",Deception
Deception,"Michael I take it and I cast Light on her. She doesn’t see it, but just I do it on her forehead so she feels the Light on her forehead.",Deception
Arcana,"us into the weight room and smelling all the bleach. She sneezes. Michael I guess we’re just gonna do some investi-magations. Sure, what would you like to do? Yeah. Michael",Arcana
Arcana,"the door, some kind of like mechanical- you know, you’re looking at the magical, I’m gonna look at the physical to see what we can find. Tight. [dice rolling] Michael",Arcana
Insight,"understand. Don’t worry.” I kept asking, “Does the Representative get what I did there…” [all laughing] Michael “Do they understand?!” “Is my message coming across?” Michael “Is my message clear?!”",Insight
Perception,"Sneak Attack every time it comes up, so- I will say this ‘til the day I die Rogues are haaaaaaaard. [laughing] Thank you. Rogues are secretly the hardest non-magic users.",Stealth
Perception,"Dungeon Master is sometimes Dungeon Mom, and you just gotta like let them know. , you’ve run a game for all newbies. How did you teach them how to play?",Insight
Perception,"After the first night party, all of you wake up in your beds. How well did you sleep last night? Question is, is P0R0 looking at any of us creepily?",Investigation
Investigation,"she was wearing with the dress. (as Inara) Uh- I promise, I promise, he’s totally fine. He’s breathing. We got him. He’s gonna be fine… Where’d you get your boots?",Investigation
Investigation,where the boots came from. Okay. The mud that are on the boots now are the mud from the colosseum. It’s kind of more like a tennis court clay. Mhm.,Investigation
Perception,"whistling, sounds of the colosseum with a large crowd] Should I ask it, or do you guys wanna ask it? Go for it. What’s the food situation in this box?",Perception
Animal Handling,"Inara) Uh, no but I was gone trying stuff on in the other rooms for a bit there. Oatcake, could you see if Tracey is somewhere that we can’t get?",Animal Handling
Investigation,hotel television description of what’s going on here. And Oatcake walks up to the bar that is set up next to the pool and Oatcake starts barking at the bar.,Perception
Performance,"I like it, okay. Yeah, Inara’s going to be nursing the same punch, but try to look a little bit inebriated, a little bit looser. I think people underestimate her.",Performance
Perception,like (as Tracey) Mud people! And then there was a CHAIR! And there was GOLD INLAY! Yes! Yes! [all laughing] Michael And I keep pausing him to get another drink.,Investigation
Arcana,"come back and then eventually if they move off of it, then the puddle disappears. Michael Do I have any kind of idea of what kind of magic this is?",Arcana
Perception,"light situation improves when she does that? Yeah [laughing] when- that’s good. As she walks in, can I observe the crowd to see if anybody looks anything less than enthused?",Perception
Insight,"face.” Michael Is P0R0 around? Yeah, as soon as the Representative walks in, the robot comes hustling inside and grabs a table in the back and starts clapping wildly. Michael",Insight
Insight,"get some one-on-one time with you all, I’ll be walking around the party, and everyone just have a great time. I’m going to put my hand over Tracey’s mouth. Michael",Insight
Stealth,"distaste you know what isn’t distasteful? All, in unison Most Water! Not the best tasting, the Most! [ laughing] Sure, what kind of check do you want that to be?",Stealth
Perception,"of your turn, you can make a saving throw to get out of it again, but you are stuck in the mud at your feet. Where is the Representative sitting?",Perception
Investigation,"down? Michael So the Light Step is going to take us to the landing, ahead of- Okay and then you get one action. Michael Right. Ahead of everyone else, so-",Athletics
Investigation,"Goddamn I was waiting for you to say that, yeah. Michael Okay, very good. Yes! Michael Then I will position Tracey as an obstacle into the one I run in.",Investigation
Acrobatics,I’m going to just tumble into that bedroom so that I can like put my toe over the line and claim it before anybody else can run up behind me.,Acrobatics
Deception,Dancing Light creating a facsimile of Alonzo to start walking up towards us. Michael (as Johnny) hey Alonz- Michael And I cast prestidigitation to make him kind of look Alonzo-esque.,Deception
Animal Handling,"she will just like jab one paw forward in the dirt. I will teach her “bang, bang” and she will roll over and play dead. Oh I love that. Yeah.",Animal Handling
Nature,over and then poofs away. Ooh! And then is gone for like a minute or so and then poofs back and is holding a weird stripey fruit in her mouth.,Nature
Perception,"in all directions because it’s just very wide everywhere, but as you get closer and closer to the bottom, you’re starting to hit ground. It’s about sixty feet down. Michael",Nature
Nature,"the bottom, you’re starting to hit ground. It’s about sixty feet down. Michael I’m going to use the light and have a Perception check. Roll on it. I got you.",Nature
Nature,"And there’s just like dirt down there. Michael So if anything the ground we’re standing on is more of a ceiling- Yes, yes. Michael - for whatever’s happening down there.",Nature
Acrobatics,"god! There’s a hole! Michael That’s sixty feet. That’s a sixty feet drop, and you don’t have Feather Fall. I’m going. (as Tracey) Oh no. DM, how do I fare?",Acrobatics
Acrobatics,feet and so I’m only falling 30 feet and from only 30 feet I’m going to Acrobatics to not hurt myself as I fall. Okay- Michael With light! You know-,Acrobatics
Sleight of Hand,Tracey continues to follow Bob but has – his help horn is on sort of like a leather strap around his shoulder – he puts it in front of him,Sleight of Hand
Investigation,to remain intact from the glorious flip day back in Fidopolis. I want to see if there is any additional Thieves’ Cant or any notes any messages from the Suild.,Perception
Perception,"casually, trying to look somewhat cool collected, walks back out of the alley. Oatcake poops on top of your head and flops on top of you Adorable Star swipe? (Music)",Perception
Persuasion,"that, the kenku gives you a yellow ticket. Michael (as Johnny) You sure you can’t give me another ticket as well? (as preacher) Well, the Undying Light protect you! Michael",Arcana
Performance,Armor of the Punk Rocker and start DDRing Michael oh… my… god okay… What is that mechanic- does he make some kind of save with that? He really likes games!,Performance
Performance,"or them And walk away. Good. Michael I’m going to go for the yellow first, if I may. Sure. Roll the d20 (dice rolling) Michael That is a five! solid.",Performance
Perception,"just - running away? Michael I mean, we're not running we are confidently walking. You are confidently walking away. Striding purposefully. Confidently running as fast as I can. [ chuckles]",Perception
Investigation,pool. And they're like jumping up and snapping at the air and diving back down. I'm going to let you all do one ability check before biz starts going down.,Investigation
Stealth,"of this cave, like hugging the wall sticking to the shadows, and try to make my way around to the other side of the pool see what's over there. Sure.",Stealth
Stealth,"cave, like hugging the wall sticking to the shadows, and try to make my way around to the other side of the pool see what's over there. Sure. Stealth roll?",Stealth
Perception,"spell treatment of the boat, casting Light all throughout the ship to give everyone nice visibility and so that I can pilot the ship in a good and safe way.",Perception
Perception,"the boat. Just so we're all clear. Ev does a running jump and does a somersault in the air, and lands right on the boat safely. I high-five him satisfyingly.",Perception
Perception,person and it's going very fast. Michael How many feet away is it? A hundred. Michael (as Johnny) There's a vessel over there guys! Michael And I point to starboard.,Athletics
Perception,"I'm going to use my Prestidigitation and just yell out Michael (as Johnny) State your intentions, because you got a dude with a sword coming at ya, sorry about that.",Persuasion
Athletics,there you go. Sorry. And then I toss my bag at Inara. And I'm going to chuck those scrolls in our wake so that hopefully it stalls the ghost fish,Athletics
Stealth,"a building. Cool. I'm going to kind of steer Alonzo toward there, and wave the rest of the party over to kind of shelter with me next to that wall.",Stealth
Investigation,"cave and this is the end of the campaign and we quit. Michael So, the statues are not holding their hands out, they're not like it going for a high-five?",Perception
Investigation,"give you the roll. Michael Nature… no, History. I'm going to do Perception. I rolled a 19 plus 3 for 22. Sick. Michael 18 total for History. Nice. [dice rolling]",Perception
History,"head, and sort of flush to the wall. Yes. There's one on the left, one on the right, and one in the center, and they're about ten feet big. Okay.",History
Acrobatics,"with the long legs, the center door opens. And you all hear a rumbling. [rumbling sound] I'm going to look from side to side, and then put the statue back.",Acrobatics
Athletics,"the Law to kind of grapple the edge of the doorway, and then kind of like ferry people up and climb up my body and my arm to the doorway.",Athletics
Insight,"stop everyone from murdering and no one wants to not murder. Michael well Woah Woah Hold on there, we we all want to not murder but sometimes you gotta murder",Insight
Insight,"to not murder. Michael well Woah Woah Hold on there, we we all want to not murder but sometimes you gotta murder Can I roll an insight check on that?",Insight
Perception,"and to convert to Judaism, which, Yes I know is against Judaism you do not try to force people to convert. After about 20 minutes I guess it makes sense.",Perception
Sleight of Hand,off to gather information from the guards’ breakroom... I am going to take the notebook and put it in the back of my belt and cover it with my tunic.,Sleight of Hand
Persuasion,"temperamental but... (as Tracey) A little murder-y Michael (as Johnny) With your guidance, you can probably keep his cool. And together we can find out the root of the problem.",Persuasion
Stealth,with a small alley and you only see the tail of the fish. I walk into the alleyway. Give me an adjective for how you walk into the alleyway Cautiously.,Stealth
Persuasion,"someone is currently drawing it in pencil as it's moving and it is hissing at you. Michael Can I, before I do any kind of action just talk to it?",Persuasion
Athletics,"and Cali are coming from. You make it like half a mile of just like straight sprinting halfway through, I'm like (as Tracey) Johnny you good? Michael (as Johnny) No.",Athletics
Persuasion,in favor of murder. I think first we should tie her up and ask her some questions about the Blackfish and how to shut down this bone whale for good.,Persuasion
Religion,of their actions. Now that I see exactly how they've done it. Were they summoning the whale? Did the whale appear first and they're praying to it asking for help?,Religion
Perception,"her. (as Alonzo) But we didn't set up the, we didn't set up the sail! (as Inara) Come on, come on we will deal with it later. (as Alonzo) OK.",Stealth
Persuasion,and the burning will happen. But it has to be done on our terms. You're already half dead. We want to stay full alive. Let's not make any mistakes tonight.,Persuasion
Stealth,"my first rodeo kid stick with me. (as Alonzo) You're a rodeo clown. Got it. Inara, you're inside the shed? I'm going to just inside the door of the shed.",Investigation
Stealth,"not. Ok, even though the night is dark and full of terrors you think of the undying light and you are not scared of the dark for now. Michael Cool.",Stealth
Insight,"like you can flail your arms as much as you want but the roller coaster is still going to go forward. Yeah. No, we're just always jumping off the train.",Insight
Arcana,"courtyard or grass separating the wall from the building? E Like a short courtyard, like it's just a walking path forward. Who wants to know what this thing is? F",Arcana
Persuasion,"we could just like you know - learn, look, ask couple questions, bring back all those best practices. We love those in organizations and bring them back to Fidapolis. E",Persuasion
Perception,that he's taking care of the problem. A Okay. Can I also just look around the room and see if there is anything weird and or worth stealing stuff. E,Investigation
Insight,on in the Capitol here. It’d be really nice sight of goodwill in between all of the states if you could just take care of it. We’d love that. B,Insight
Athletics,"Fish (as Johnny) I have not taken my morning constitutional. Everyone laughs at groans. E Yeah, you slip into a broom closet. F I will cast invisibility on myself. E",Stealth
Stealth,Evan)All right. But do this quickly. E Evan opens the door very very quietly and stealth is possible. J I'm going to duck under his hand and sneak in. E,Stealth
Perception,going to duck under his hand and sneak in. E Why don't you make a stealth roll - I'll give you advantage. J I rolled a 14 plus two. E,Stealth
Intimidation,"You know, basement stuff. Garage, storage area. (as Tracey) Remember when you're about to go underneath the water to the bonefish. And I pulled you out of the water. E",Intimidation
Stealth,"take, you know, individuals, man and like make ‘em into a team, make him into a family? ike what kind of bonding stuff you guys do outside of work? E",Investigation
Sleight of Hand,"F creepily Join me sandwich-having, Inara. A I am going to take the notebook and put it in the back of my belt and cover it with my tunic. E",Sleight of Hand
Insight,"who is the one who's Blackfishing around in my guard team, that would be quite lovely for me, thank you. Use your magic powers, please, and champion for someone. F",Insight
Perception,"take the raccoon? Michael No. What is wine but the feeling of light… inside? Drink responsibly. Michael I mean I'm going to follow you. All right, I follow behind Johnny.",Perception
Persuasion,"will see you tomorrow just after sundown right? OK. (as Jamie) Yeah. (as Tracey) Psssst. Johnny. Where do I get spoons? Michael (as Johnny) We’ll find them, buddy. Don’t worry.",Persuasion
Animal Handling,"loved the first time I got drunk on wine and I'm sure you had a great time too. Let me know if you want more. Your friend, Johnny B Goodlight.",Animal Handling
Stealth,"particularly want to see Cassandra. (as Tracey) Hey you want to get my cape? (as Inara) Not a bad idea, Trace. Wait, you don't want to see Cassandra? I'm embarrassed.",Stealth
Perception,"I heard that after parties at the police station. ( laughs) Nnd all the teens are like, “Nooooo, bluuuuuh.” They’re an articulate bunch. Well, they’re all blinded. Michael They’re incapacitated.",Investigation
Athletics,"are starting to sense that you're not the only things in the water. I start paddling out towards Cassandra and I'm yelling, (as Tracey) Don't worry, see, we got you.",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Arm of the Law right through the water and it grabs onto the bridge. (as Tracey) Tallahassee, just bit my leg. All right, you take seven points of damage. Great.",Acrobatics
Investigation,bit. And Inara is like (as Inara) no Oatcake poofs up with with her head hits his hand It seems like a suitable thing for her to disobey me over.,Animal Handling
Arcana,don't know when do these bear any resemblance to the markings on my being. No. OK. Good question though. Michael How about these scrolls that we've seen so many times.,Arcana
Intimidation,"deal. No alligators involved, I just wanted your sweet bag. (as Tracey) How about you tell me what I want to know. And then we'll talk about the gold afterwards.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"same like Jamie didn't like eating in front of other people. I respect him, I respect him. (as Inara) So, what would it be like, like Jamie's worst nightmare man?",Persuasion
Perception,"charmed by the big old friendly giant dude who's friendly and is big though. How do you do that. Michael I can look at her, her eyes aren't glazed over?",Insight
Perception,get... Michael And I have sea vehicle proficiency. That's right. Michael That is actually useful! You're becoming more of a Long Island dad. Michael Oh my gosh this is amazing.,Insight
Investigation,if there's a fish be gone scroll in there. You're just going to dig in a panic? Michael I'm going to panicky dig through and see if I see one.,Athletics
Athletics,I'm going to panicky dig through and see if I see one. Why do you roll an investigation check to tear through these girls. Michael 13 + 3 I believe.,Athletics
Athletics,"much damage did I do to myself? It wasn't a 1! I feel like it wasn't a one. I have an AC of 13. So, I did not hit myself.",Athletics
Acrobatics,am ready to vault into this boat so I have my pack over one shoulder I'm going to grab Oatcake under my other arm and jump on into the boat.,Acrobatics
Deception,"get you all set up here. Oh. Oh, Devar dammit this thing isn't working. Must have been shaken up by all the Giant Steps. Hey Tracey. Pass me some rope.",Stealth
Insight,Evan turned to you and say All No. (as Inara) Cool. Good. I was I was just figuring testing if you really knew your ghost whale animal facts. You succeeded,Animal Handling
Intimidation,and say (as Inara) Buddy I'm really going to need to ask you to stay in this boat. We can't have five people in the boat in front of us,Intimidation
Stealth,the long arm of the law to try to grapple Tom out of the water and rescue him. Cool. All right make a strength check. 18 plus 3 for 21.,Athletics
Investigation,"just a small creature or a fairy pretending to be something inside the lantern since now everything, nothing can be trusted. Either way I'm nervous and thrilled. I'm excited Michael",Investigation
Persuasion,from coming here. Michael (as Johnny) Well you know me I'm a big Trinity fan of course. I love the Trinity. Definitely not anything else that I prefer more but...,Persuasion
Deception,of course. I love the Trinity. Definitely not anything else that I prefer more but... Can you roll persuasion check? Did the light around you dim when you said that?,Persuasion
Insight,"this guy's game is so I want to investigate the nature of his criminality. Like I'm assuming he's a criminal, so I want to figure out the exact situation is",Nature
Arcana,"and the whole crowd applauds and yells 'Yeah Fidapolis yeah!' and one guy just screams 'Fidapolis!!!!' Does he have a Fidapolis Jersey on? Oh yeah, for the Fidapolis Clerics. Michael",Arcana
Investigation,at a dead end and you don't see the child anywhere. Are there any holes at the bottom of the wall where the stone is coming apart. Anything like that?,Investigation
Investigation,"of them and kind of laying them out on the ground. I'm assuming we're pretty far away from the crowd at this point. Yeah, sure there's a picnic table area.",Investigation
Arcana,some sort of magical aura which I know would be Arcana that actually seem legit? Like is it a forgery or is an actual like spell that's been written out.,Arcana
Investigation,some sort of magical aura which I know would be Arcana that actually seem legit? Like is it a forgery or is an actual like spell that's been written out.,Arcana
Arcana,"check. But if you want to check out all those things, all the things that you said that would be investigation Cool, so I'm going to do the investigation. Sure.",Arcana
Arcana,Cant. All right. (as Inara) No I got nothing Tracey. Sorry. Michael Oh I'm not helping. I was against this entire thing at the beginning. I'm not going to help,Arcana
Investigation,What are you? Are you a building inspector? Michael I'm a like. ok I'm going to just be like taken into the sky with something I've never seen before Inspector,Perception
Perception,"coming towards us. Tracey rushes to the window. Captain Alex says, (as Captain Alex) What Bogey's what are you talking about? We're in the air what are we worried for?",Insight
Perception,and you rip your arm back in. (as Inara) Close the window Tracey (as Tracey) Thanks for flying with us! And I close the window as hard as I can.,Perception
Perception,like are they in a language that I might understand or are they in some rune. It's like a combination of like pictography and a language you can't figure out.,Investigation
Arcana,off the charm spell that happened. Could I instead try to do any kind of arcane thing to see maybe where the source of the spell could have come from?,Arcana
Religion,"shadow. So, good I also like almost got a, I mean I did, I got a tear in my eye when Johnny met the Undying Light. WHAT WHAT AHH! Michael",Perception
Perception,And if you look out on the tide it's still coming in pretty pretty hard. Do we see the sphere or are we just like assuming it's at a place.,Investigation
Acrobatics,Alex with my athletic abilities. So I'm going to run out the front of the ship and jump down onto the rocky shore Michael and falls right into the water,Athletics
Persuasion,"(As Inara) So yeah Alanzo, totally got that sphere, really pumped about it. Captain Alex, she was great. Did some cool driftwood moves I'll teach you later. So what now?",Persuasion
Arcana,"to the light situation in each room! Michael YES! So Johnny and I, our fates are tied together like yin and yang Michael Although we are against each other fundamentally.",Arcana
Arcana,"So Johnny and I, our fates are tied together like yin and yang Michael Although we are against each other fundamentally. Johnny why are you make an Arcana check? Michael",Arcana
Arcana,"Tee. Like you get a band or like some big event. And it says ""I got punched by Elduende and all I got was a black eye and this t-shirt""",Arcana
Arcana,from Kohl on over my traveling gear and I realize I never actually investigated the cloak at all. So can I do it like investigation or Arcana check on it?,Arcana
Perception,You have a lamp like a standing lamp in the corner and it hits you right in the head and you take five damage. Michael OK I'm at eight... eight,Perception
Insight,"discern what the situation is between the Nectarians and the Kikos. Can I try to read into their body language, their seating, what the current feeling is between the families?",Perception
Perception,"really want to do a good job. I know that things aren't so great everywhere but, I guess the best we can do is our best and I'll do that.",Persuasion
Perception,the staircase as possible. I'm going to take a slow deep breath and put my shield in front of me activate my one self rage and barrel down the staircase.,Investigation
Athletics,Are you leading with your shield? What are you doing? Yeah I'm just trying to like kind of like a bowling ball just like knock these guys off the stairs.,Athletics
Perception,the wheel is. Further he's going to cast light on the boom or the bottom part of the sail that's wooden that will make violent motions as the storms progresses.,Perception
Survival,"his waist and kind of like around an arm and around the leg a little bit. So there's not, like, a fault point. And then tying it to a mast.",Survival
Survival,"his waist and kind of like around an arm and around the leg a little bit. So there's not, like, a fault point. And then tying it to a mast.",Survival
Investigation,"to run toward the staircase with one of my daggers in my hands, the other one that my hip, and try to find out what is making this whistling noise.",Investigation
Perception,"the ship. The wind actually picks up. And Johnny, I want you to make, I guess, this would be strength and I give you plus two. Michael Ohmygod. Nat 20.",Athletics
Perception,"kind of like flop on top of each other. From the bottom, I go, (muffled as Tracey), “GODDAMMIT” Michael Am I passively able to see anything in front of us?",Perception
Survival,want to take out the javelin from my pack and I want to tie it to the loose end of my rope. And then throw it into the water weird.,Survival
Survival,want to take out the javelin from my pack and I want to tie it to the loose end of my rope. And then throw it into the water weird.,Survival
Survival,to mind when something happened in a game either run by you or someone else that made you really want to change or implement something about how you ran things.,Survival
Survival,to mind when something happened in a game either run by you or someone else that made you really want to change or implement something about how you ran things.,Survival
Perception,my players roll survival to see if they could get through. And then I gave everyone actual mazes to do like paper mazes on the table it was very cool.,Survival
Athletics,"what’s happening. Cool. So much like your older brother, Tracey just holds the wand up above the dwarfs head and says you can have it if you could take it.",Athletics
Insight,"her fingers at you (as Ella) I'm Ella, the magical librarian and wiggles her fingers at you again. Michael Could I roll to see if she's being sarcastic at me.",Insight
Arcana,like a Flash kind of thing where she's moving so fast it looks like a blur or is she just blurring because it's not like she's hooked onto this dimension,Arcana
Athletics,corner them into a corner of the room and then like you know playfully like trying to like bob and weave back and forth Let's do a dexterity contest. 14,Athletics
Arcana,good job. Michael I'd like to go towards where we kind of saw them appear into the room and just do some arcane checks to see if there's any remnants,Arcana
Deception,showing us knife technique and we were chopping things and one of those things was these berrie. What would happen just theoretically if I like added some to lycanthropy potion?,Deception
Performance,that Greg whistled and Michael leaned forward like I have not seen before. Hey Fish did you just see Guardians of the Galaxy as well? Michael I love that movie.,Performance
Performance,that Greg whistled and Michael leaned forward like I have not seen before. Hey Fish did you just see Guardians of the Galaxy as well? Michael I love that movie.,Performance
Perception,wide field in the back of the castle. I saw that during my flight of the Bombelades. Alonzo's kind of like waving you and he kind of waving you over,Perception
Perception,the deal is. Michael I don't trust any of this as being... this all just makes no sense to me. Can I free action just like perception on just Greg.,Perception
Arcana,"roll? And what do you want to know? Michael I want to make sure that I'm seeing who he is, that it's actually him that he has all these things.",Arcana
Arcana,"Michael I want to make sure that I'm seeing who he is, that it's actually him that he has all these things. Why don't you make in Arcana check. Michael",Arcana
Arcana,"Michael I want to make sure that I'm seeing who he is, that it's actually him that he has all these things. Why don't you make in Arcana check. Michael",Arcana
Intimidation,yelling of a literally trying to make them... I want them to understand that if they don't really help me out here I'm going to make their day less happy.,Intimidation
Perception,on his hands and there's blood on his axe and he immediately falls to the ground and kind of deactivates. Michael Johnny would know what that wing beast is right?,Investigation
Perception,of the room. (as Inara) I grab a couple of them on their way down with my dexterous thief fingers. Michael And Johnny grabs the spyglass and begins inspecting it.,Athletics
Arcana,"with a spyglass, maybe it's like a lighthouse or something. That's that's physical? Michael Johnny grabs the spyglass and inspects it, thinking back on all of his knowledge on Arcana",Arcana
Perception,the most magical? Yeah. The eyepiece not the front the eyepiece. Michael Oh OK so the part where I put my eye not the... Mhmmm. Michael Oh OK. Thank you.,Arcana
Investigation,"dented in a few places, like it's been dropped and handled quite a bunch. It's not new. It's seen some stuff. That's the most I can tell you. All right.",Investigation
Investigation,these sandwiches. All right. He points to like a shelf. And there are in fact some sandwiches. There are eight sandwiches. Michael Uh huh... What's the least old looking one.,Investigation
Animal Handling,"she. She is kind of like toffee or caramel colored. She has spots that are white and dark brown. And I have decided to name her Oatcake. OH, that's adorable.",Animal Handling
Investigation,"a very intricate, confusing lock. OK. Now you said it has gears and wires and that seems very familiar. So Tracey is going to try to figure it out. OK.",Investigation
Stealth,is kind of investigating a little bit. (as Kohl) Can you not touch Alabaster please. (as Tracey) Sure. (as Kohl) Thank you. And then Tracey continues to investigate the robot.,Stealth
Insight,"heard of him doing any sort of magic or any magical skill correct? (as Kohl) Yeah. He's just a dude, normally I really haven't seen him doing magic stuff. Michael",Insight
Insight,"heard of him doing any sort of magic or any magical skill correct? (as Kohl) Yeah. He's just a dude, normally I really haven't seen him doing magic stuff. Michael",Insight
Arcana,"to this being, to be your slave. (as Kohl) I mean he is not going to be... do not know how golem's work? (as Tracey) I don't. (as Kohl) OK.",Insight
Investigation,and yeah it actually sounds a little bit better. A little less crunchy a little more intelligible. Michael I give him a wink and walk towards the bits and bolts.,Persuasion
Investigation,"Johnny) I'm going to give you this because I think, I think you deserve it. Tracey takes a magnifying glass and he immediately starts looking over every inch of Johnny.",Investigation
Performance,a little bit in the store. Tracey has never been more excited than at this moment right now. He immediately picks these things up and puts them on his shoulders.,Performance
Performance,"me. Maybe you can redeem the power that we lost. Mrhhhm, Yeahhh. Oh this is Dave Matthews, Dave Matthews runs this place. Dave Matthews. Michael Is his name David Matthews?",Performance
Performance,"me. Maybe you can redeem the power that we lost. Mrhhhm, Yeahhh. Oh this is Dave Matthews, Dave Matthews runs this place. Dave Matthews. Michael Is his name David Matthews?",Performance
Deception,the credit of the Kikos. You tell them that Alonzo or even Maximilien is paying the dues. They'll know why. They'll take care of it. And. They'll even pay double.,Deception
Athletics,"off. It’s 2 Fast, 2 Furious 2 Fantasy. Let’s get the party started. (Theme music) (Slow music plays) Here’s how we’re going to do this chase. You have two sides",Athletics
Acrobatics,"Exactly. Anyway I'm going to throw it at Tracey's rage switch. Make a ranged attack. So six plus five, 11. Yeah you hit it right. And I yell, “Sorry!” (Laughter)",Acrobatics
Persuasion,"in the direction of where the chaos was happening. And he says, Johnny Hey, I'm just going to take him around the corner and around the block. How’s that sound?",Persuasion
Athletics,is going to go first? I think Tracey will go first. He is probably the closest to them. Sure. And the center is going to go first against you. OK.,Perception
Acrobatics,"this one improbable event that they saw on this day. We did it, guys. We inspired the newest generation. We can quit now. Michael We’re heroes. The Flippin’ Generation. (Laughter)",Acrobatics
Animal Handling,you a lot. (Barking) Can I please instruct somehow my two new dog companions to distract that pug as I try to run back in the direction of this chase?,Animal Handling
Acrobatics,"of the centaur. As Tracey sees Alonzo like sliding off the back of the centaur, in bullet time, he just makes like a diving save to try to grab Alonzo.",Acrobatics
Perception,see them go through the rest of the gardens and into the narrow streets on the other side and take a left. And they are out of view. (Crickets fade),Perception
Nature,"have... I would have dealt with a much worse fate there. Grrrrm, this is… I'm not having a good day. Tracey Why did they want to kidnap, James? (as Alonzo)",Nature
Arcana,"guys, I've had a bit of an afternoon. Any of you know about pugs that come with boxing gloves and just kind of like show up next to you intermittently?",Arcana
Arcana,pugs that come with boxing gloves and just kind of like show up next to you intermittently? Can I roll like an Arcana check? That sounds like a lovely idea.,Arcana
Animal Handling,"a way that says like, hey, not cool bro. ...Tracey critically missed. (Laughter) Tracey, when you swing at Johnny, you fall back into the mud puddle. Oh noooo. (Laughs) Michael",Animal Handling
Arcana,like the wing of his arm and hold it straight to his body. And then he's going to try to like unload any shells that are still in the gun.,Arcana
History,"why we're the most powerful family in Fidapolis. I don't know, it's something to do with that. I need to find out which is why I need to see Kohl.",History
Stealth,rapier is drawn a little bit And we're kind of scuttling along. Oh yeah. Michael Perhaps… perhaps Johnny isn't taking point. Yeah. Tracey is at the top of the triangle.,Insight
Stealth,"stealth checks and Alonzo will do the same. Uh, Jonathan… Michael I know, I know… I want you to roll a disadvantage because you are a blue light man. Michael",Stealth
Stealth,ninja rolls and stuff. Inara is just your stealthy little rogue girl. I like how Tracey is taking point and you are the one to roll a 21 out here.,Stealth
Performance,and then pulls his maroon cape in front of him as if he's egging Nessie on. Like a matador? You're an owl bear matador. I am an owl bear matador.,Performance
Performance,"between the tire and Nessie. I want to shake my cape again and trying to get her to charge, and I'm holding my cape right in front of the tire.",Performance
Perception,"like dragons are rare,” and just kind of stuff you glean from like most fantasy books? E Right. A I have two more things I want to ask about. One",Perception
Perception,"like dragons are rare,” and just kind of stuff you glean from like most fantasy books? E Right. A I have two more things I want to ask about. One",Perception
Perception,"like dragons are rare,” and just kind of stuff you glean from like most fantasy books? E Right. A I have two more things I want to ask about. One",Perception
Perception,"like passive wisdom which I've never truly understood. [001107] E All right. That's like, yeah, there are like three things happening at the same time. Okay. A (Laughs) Okay. E",Perception
Stealth,it's kind of gross down here and there's only one exit and there's like some stuff on the ground. It's muddy.” A It's like a first glance type thing. E,Perception
Investigation,it's kind of gross down here and there's only one exit and there's like some stuff on the ground. It's muddy.” A It's like a first glance type thing. E,Perception
Perception,it's kind of gross down here and there's only one exit and there's like some stuff on the ground. It's muddy.” A It's like a first glance type thing. E,Perception
Perception,"I’ve ever dreamed of. E and johnny you are grabbed with a stony claw slick with pomade. (Laghter) E Stone pomade. M No, please. E By Stoneface, your bud. M",Investigation
Animal Handling,"head. E That's fair. A I rolled a two. So all I've got is ""da-da"" (to the tune of the opening of “Flight of the Bumblebees”). (Laughter. Music stops.) E",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"that Inara is like this is the best moment of her entire life being able to fly on under the claws of hummingbirds. Like, come on, this is amazing. E",Animal Handling
Investigation,and they're wearing a neutral colored cloak and it is just silent. You can see it totally blank faced and neutral within all of the screaming that's happening around. A,Perception
Perception,and they're wearing a neutral colored cloak and it is just silent. You can see it totally blank faced and neutral within all of the screaming that's happening around. A,Perception
Investigation,sight above or below the window so I can try to maybe roll for some kind of perception check or investigation check and see if I can hear inside? E,Perception
Investigation,the rookery and you are in a hallway. There are three doors you can see out here. There's one to your left and there are two to your right. A,Investigation
Perception,the rookery and you are in a hallway. There are three doors you can see out here. There's one to your left and there are two to your right. A,Investigation
Perception,"left and there are two to your right. A Can we roll perception or investigation to see if either one, like, looks more like an alchemy room than others? B",Investigation
Athletics,"in front of you are standing two identical twins, tiny dragonborn, both of whom have their hands where the door handle used to be. (Slow music starts to play) E",Athletics
Persuasion,"know what you're talking about. And, uh, you know, we're just here to chill. If we want to chill in the hallway, we can do that too. Super sorry. E",Persuasion
Perception,"stones. A So Inara knows five languages she knows, common, Elvish, and I don't haven't chose the other ones yet. (Laughter) B Oh that’s great, you know Draconic! (Laughter) E",Persuasion
Nature,of the room with our chopping board and mortar and pestle and things to make the potion. E Yeah. A Per the book. E So at the same time... M,Investigation
Perception,of the room with our chopping board and mortar and pestle and things to make the potion. E Yeah. A Per the book. E So at the same time... M,Investigation
Perception,of the room with our chopping board and mortar and pestle and things to make the potion. E Yeah. A Per the book. E So at the same time... M,Investigation
Nature,the same time... M At the same time I'd like to roll perception to see if just by grabbing these I'm able to spot what they are with nature. E,Nature
Perception,does the wax in her hand and you kind of hear like little sneaky steps happening over there. And Tammy… I gotta give her advantage… (Sound of dice rolls) E,Perception
Nature,"go back, we’ll do the regular foul ‘cause you definitely messed with it. That is a pretty sick burn though. E I want you to roll a d10 again. A",Perception
Nature,you roll a d10 A Two. E Okay. You pull open a random drawer and inside are some berries. They are light blue and they are splotched with white. A,Investigation
Nature,four. E Those are some pretty ass berries. A All right. All right. All right. M So I would love to figure out what that is. If I may E,Nature
Nature,the different tools and things around and his... skills. A Your potion or my potion? M My potion because it's done at this point so the effects should be... E,Nature
Nature,to finish our potion pretty quick because we had all the all the mise all set up. And as in cooking that's what you really want to do… (Laughter) A,Nature
Perception,to finish our potion pretty quick because we had all the all the mise all set up. And as in cooking that's what you really want to do… (Laughter) A,Nature
Perception,about our backstories and like our pathos. (Laughter) A While wearing glasses that play off an accent color in his tie and/or pocket square. E (Off-mic) Oh my god. E,Perception
Investigation,"It's like something to keep my head off the, all this stuff that's happening. A Having seen Alonzo earlier this morning, do I notice anything different in his demeanor? E",Investigation
Perception,"and casts prestidigitation to make Tammy look the best, for a young dragonborn. And appropriate. (Laughter) M And to perhaps make the presentation of their wonderful potion even better. E",Persuasion
Medicine,"handle a simple door to the point that she even lost one of the parts of her tool— A [Sarcastically] Thanks, dad. [Laughter] B Fish is calling Inara out! M",Medicine
Insight,"are not going to want to talk to me anymore about it and you're just going to do something, and I’ll be like, “No, you shouldn’t have! Oh gosh!” B",Persuasion
Medicine,"you use the canon as a guideline, and take what you want, to make informed choices about what you want to change and, like, make it fun for yourself. E",Survival
Survival,"you use the canon as a guideline, and take what you want, to make informed choices about what you want to change and, like, make it fun for yourself. E",Survival
Survival,"you use the canon as a guideline, and take what you want, to make informed choices about what you want to change and, like, make it fun for yourself. E",Survival
Medicine,"A [as Inara] Johnny, come over here. He's, like, not looking good. M [as Johnny] Tracey, buddy, you gonna be Okay? B [as Tracey] Yeah. M [as Johnny] Okay. M",Medicine
Perception,flowers in it. Go find him. He's somewhere in the hall. I'm going to make him swallow this. And this is bad this is so bad. This is bad. E,Investigation
Arcana,great great super great grandfather had it. And it's like it's supposed to give you good luck. I didn't know it did this. No one told me it glows. B,Arcana
Arcana,on Arcana check to see if I know anything about the object? M I'd also like to as well B What’s your arcana? It may be better than me. E,Arcana
Performance,"into the fire and then was dead—sorry, Nessie—and then everything was fine, and he lived happily ever after, and died at 400. And they had 18 kids. Okay, bye. E",Performance
Performance,"into the fire and then was dead—sorry, Nessie—and then everything was fine, and he lived happily ever after, and died at 400. And they had 18 kids. Okay, bye. E",Performance
Survival,in a very drunken state. He gingerly places her on the ground and binds her hands and her legs so she cannot run away with a presumably great knot? E,Survival
Survival,in a very drunken state. He gingerly places her on the ground and binds her hands and her legs so she cannot run away with a presumably great knot? E,Survival
History,her the biggest hug she's ever had in her life. E Can you roll for that? B What is that? E Hugging. B That's a natural 9 hugging ability. A,History
Insight,"so sad that I missed a party. Tracey, you crazy guy, you, you do things to me make me miss the party. When it all gets cool! You scamp. B",Insight
Athletics,"one shows up. ALL Okay, yeah, yep, let’s go. [Laughter] M Johnny says, “Adios!” and just starts shimmying down. Does he pass by any windows as he does this? E",Athletics
Survival,say that you can probably do the... I trust that you can pick up that bed because you're a big strong robot man. But I... B [Tenderly] Hey. Thanks. E,Survival
Survival,say that you can probably do the... I trust that you can pick up that bed because you're a big strong robot man. But I... B [Tenderly] Hey. Thanks. E,Survival
Perception,"is secure. Okay, so I want to say that’s survival because that's what we said rope knots and knots were. B That'll be a crit 1. ALL OH NO!! E",Stealth
Nature,you. A Oh my god... It's like being noticed by a swarm of bees. M I think back on my adventures in nature to perhaps recognize what they are. E,Nature
Intimidation,"bartender stabs you in the eye. But I was like, no I can't do that. And he had to do something else. B Hey, thanks for not doing that. E",Intimidation
Perception,"E She was not, but I'd like to think that Fabious was wearing orange crocs. A Was she wearing orange clogs? E Yes. Sure. Yes, yes. Here's the thing though",Perception
Nature,"appreciate that. I think it made for an exciting turn of events. A But , what would have happened if we were going into the banquet hall in time? E",Nature
Stealth,We legit did not fake those rolls. A We did not. M Those were real. B We got THREE Nat 20s in one episode. A So a Nat 20 is,Perception
Medicine,"18 and add plus five, so that’s over 20, but that's still not the best possible thing that can happen. A It’s like the ends of the bell curve. M",Medicine
Nature,"wipe if... all the player characters were gonna die if the dragon didn't show up so. A The Deus Ex Machina, yeah. M He rolled a very timely D20. E",Persuasion
Nature,don’t you guys make some... make some nature... [Crosstalk] A Huh! Nat-motherfreaking-twenty. B That’s our third nat-twenty. I think our dice are broken. E Goddamn! M That’s a fifteen. E,Nature
Deception,"sort of guy. M as JOHNNY You know, I was. I’ve only learned a few magic tricks, nothing crazy. But just enough to... you know, delight and give wonderment. M",Deception
Perception,"a time. Right now he can hold you, and he’s like... E as LINE COOK WHAT?! Uhhh, ohhh... E And he’s just... trying to like hold you up there. B",Perception
Perception,"And he collapses, and as that happens the three frogs jump back into the shelf. And you’re now on top of this line cook. B How do I feel? E",Perception
Investigation,"Yeah, but he kinda like lifted you up. A Okay. I’m just gonna look into both shelves and, again, dark vision, so I’ll be able to see the shelf. E",Investigation
Insight,"he says, E as FABIUS Where did you find this? B On the shelf over there. E as FABIUS Which one? B The shelf, the one on the right. E",Insight
Perception,"of us on whatever theme you’d like. Whatever you want, within some bounds of taste and reality, we will do. You’re a legend, so live like one! One more time",Investigation
Deception,"We go together like shoo wop shoo wop-a-dop [to the tune of “We Go Together” from Grease] ALL [Laughter] A Hinka-de boop-de-boop, is that the next...? Yeah, okay, great. E",Persuasion
Insight,"up with. Isn't that right? E And he kind of, like, elbows Gregina. E as GREG You know, Gregina, you know how you need a husband? A [Flinching] Oooh. E",Insight
Insight,"M I know it’s crud. E as GREGINA It’s crud M I know, I know it’s crud, but it’s his day! Are you not you happy? I’m so happy. E",Insight
Stealth,"into Fabius’s ear, and quickly they both walk over to where the black bread was. A Can I stealthily try to go reload my drink tray near the shelves? E",Stealth
Perception,to the best of my knowledge my two companions were in the kitchen where the bartender went so hopefully they might have insight as to what possibly could happen. E,Insight
Sleight of Hand,"strength. B Yeah, bug muscled wood arms. I’m just trying to hold them down. A Can I try to pickpocket Fabius to see if theres anything else in there? E",Sleight of Hand
Nature,"me too, 100%. E A Mickey Mouse glove, and grabs and goes, [in Mickey Mouse voice], “Ha-ha!” M [Laughs] It goes “Ha-ha”? E It goes “Ha-ha.” A It does. E",Nature
Deception,"you're interacting with me right now. M as JOHNNY Of course I know who you are, but for my friends, you can introduce yourself. ALL [Laugh] A Inara snickers. E",Performance
Perception,"But we’re ahead of you so we don’t see it. A I know, she’s just performing it for the world. Just in case someone’s watching. ALL [Laugh] [Upbeat music] E",Perception
Investigation,"waiters were running around finishing the prep, but they are not really paying any mind to you. B Okay, I'm going to go start walking straight towards the kitchen. A",Investigation
Arcana,"a bunch of odds and ends of kind of finer cloaks and pants and all that stuff, but there's nothing really matches. M But I could patchwork some clothing? E",Arcana
Perception,"A Inner monologue? M A little Johnny thought. A Johnny B Thoughtful? M Johnny B Thoughtful! Yesss. ALL [Laugh] A That was an across the table fist bump, listeners! E",Persuasion
Performance,"and all of us from all the different parts of this continent are proud of this wedding, and we are proud of this family. To Alonzo and to Greg! E",Performance
Nature,don’t you guys make some... make some nature... [Crosstalk] A Huh! Nat-motherfreaking-twenty. B That’s our third nat-twenty. I think our dice are broken. E Goddamn! M That’s a fifteen. E,Nature
Deception,"sort of guy. M as JOHNNY You know, I was. I’ve only learned a few magic tricks, nothing crazy. But just enough to... you know, delight and give wonderment. M",Deception
Perception,"a time. Right now he can hold you, and he’s like... E as LINE COOK WHAT?! Uhhh, ohhh... E And he’s just... trying to like hold you up there. B",Perception
Perception,"And he collapses, and as that happens the three frogs jump back into the shelf. And you’re now on top of this line cook. B How do I feel? E",Perception
Investigation,"Yeah, but he kinda like lifted you up. A Okay. I’m just gonna look into both shelves and, again, dark vision, so I’ll be able to see the shelf. E",Investigation
Insight,"he says, E as FABIUS Where did you find this? B On the shelf over there. E as FABIUS Which one? B The shelf, the one on the right. E",Insight
Perception,"of us on whatever theme you’d like. Whatever you want, within some bounds of taste and reality, we will do. You’re a legend, so live like one! One more time",Investigation
Deception,"We go together like shoo wop shoo wop-a-dop [to the tune of “We Go Together” from Grease] ALL [Laughter] A Hinka-de boop-de-boop, is that the next...? Yeah, okay, great. E",Persuasion
Insight,"up with. Isn't that right? E And he kind of, like, elbows Gregina. E as GREG You know, Gregina, you know how you need a husband? A [Flinching] Oooh. E",Insight
Insight,"M I know it’s crud. E as GREGINA It’s crud M I know, I know it’s crud, but it’s his day! Are you not you happy? I’m so happy. E",Insight
Stealth,"into Fabius’s ear, and quickly they both walk over to where the black bread was. A Can I stealthily try to go reload my drink tray near the shelves? E",Stealth
Perception,to the best of my knowledge my two companions were in the kitchen where the bartender went so hopefully they might have insight as to what possibly could happen. E,Insight
Sleight of Hand,"strength. B Yeah, bug muscled wood arms. I’m just trying to hold them down. A Can I try to pickpocket Fabius to see if theres anything else in there? E",Sleight of Hand
Nature,"me too, 100%. E A Mickey Mouse glove, and grabs and goes, [in Mickey Mouse voice], “Ha-ha!” M [Laughs] It goes “Ha-ha”? E It goes “Ha-ha.” A It does. E",Nature
Deception,"you're interacting with me right now. M as JOHNNY Of course I know who you are, but for my friends, you can introduce yourself. ALL [Laugh] A Inara snickers. E",Performance
Performance,"JOHNNY Of course I know who you are, but for my friends, you can introduce yourself. ALL [Laugh] A Inara snickers. E Make a deception check. A as TOOL TIP",Performance
Acrobatics,"to do a check, literally checking if they are able to perform the action. To do a check, roll the 20 sided die. Then, add the modifier for that skill",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"to do a check, literally checking if they are able to perform the action. To do a check, roll the 20 sided die. Then, add the modifier for that skill",Animal Handling
Perception,"But we’re ahead of you so we don’t see it. A I know, she’s just performing it for the world. Just in case someone’s watching. ALL [Laugh] [Upbeat music] E",Perception
Investigation,"waiters were running around finishing the prep, but they are not really paying any mind to you. B Okay, I'm going to go start walking straight towards the kitchen. A",Investigation
Arcana,"a bunch of odds and ends of kind of finer cloaks and pants and all that stuff, but there's nothing really matches. M But I could patchwork some clothing? E",Arcana
Perception,"A Inner monologue? M A little Johnny thought. A Johnny B Thoughtful? M Johnny B Thoughtful! Yesss. ALL [Laugh] A That was an across the table fist bump, listeners! E",Persuasion
Performance,"and all of us from all the different parts of this continent are proud of this wedding, and we are proud of this family. To Alonzo and to Greg! E",Performance
Perception,Why can’t they be good?” Why can’t they be better? I say to all the time men talking about their feelings -- Yeah. -- because it's so rare to see.,Persuasion
Perception,"recover from thinking about the emotional availability of our childhoods, I’m gonna go into the kitchen and get more vegan eggnog. Be right back. [ and chuckles] Eggnog. Midroll Music",Intimidation
Perception,"the room, make sure the patio is, is clear of any snow drifts, and pick up a bunch of, you know, chips and drinks and stuff at the local Stuart’s.",Investigation
Perception,"like, really specific cat care questions. (as Milo) And I just nod or shake my head yes or no. Yeah. [ , , and laugh] I love it. Midroll Music",Persuasion
Investigation,"like, really specific cat care questions. (as Milo) And I just nod or shake my head yes or no. Yeah. [ , , and laugh] I love it. Midroll Music",Persuasion
Sleight of Hand,"(as Milo) And I got the key to the museum, but I just – I don't – I just – you know. (as Val) Can I sleight of hand it?",Sleight of Hand
Performance,"a, a retail presence here on the ground?” And just try to, like, distract him into, like, a one-on-one combo. Into talking about logistics and permits? (as Aggie) Oh, yeah.",Performance
Performance,"a, a retail presence here on the ground?” And just try to, like, distract him into, like, a one-on-one combo. Into talking about logistics and permits? (as Aggie) Oh, yeah.",Performance
Performance,"No, I just got the video. (as Milo) Okay. Well, it's my best approach here then to just, like, distract her with a good, cool movie or something. [ laughs]",Performance
Performance,"No, I just got the video. (as Milo) Okay. Well, it's my best approach here then to just, like, distract her with a good, cool movie or something. [ laughs]",Performance
Perception,"them to the ground. (as Val) I think I just angled their face upward so that there's nothing -- Yeah. (as Val) -- like, in the path of their sucking.",Perception
Arcana,"I know that the, the bears are the same bears. That's all I know. I don't know if they're clones. It's the same bear. That's all you know. Same bear.",Arcana
Nature,"something was really fucking weird. Mhmm. But you did nature. So, I'm like, “Alright. What – what does Val know about bears and living in upstate New York?” Not much.",Investigation
Athletics,"bad. That's true. Anise. Oh, Anise. Our BFF. My good friend. Anise – Anise works at Luke's diner somewhere at Stars Holiday. [Everyone laugh] Good for him. It's Carlos’s coworker.",Persuasion
Intimidation,"Aggie would already be in the kitchen refilling it because the chips should not get below one third. So, on that note, I'm going to be right back. Midroll Music",Intimidation
Perception,"Aggie would already be in the kitchen refilling it because the chips should not get below one third. So, on that note, I'm going to be right back. Midroll Music",Intimidation
Perception,Val) I promise you it's just going to wrinkle anyway. So do not like feel obligated to continue folding it if it falls over. (as January) Appreciate it. Thank you.,Perception
Perception,"the raptor with the key, and over the P.A., you hear (as Dr. Morrow) Three, two, one, go! Can I see if anyone has a key that we can see?",Perception
Animal Handling,"Tuna) Oh, okay. Yeah, go check it out, that's fine. (as Milo) Don't like do anything about it. Just see what you can see and come back please. (as Tuna)",Animal Handling
Intimidation,"free shipping on your first box! And now, back to the show! As a massive black bear leans into the control room and just roars right at all of you,",Intimidation
Nature,"just roars right at all of you, Val just roars back at it, intimidation check. [ laughs] Let me do it. Okay, fine! It's a 19 +5. 24. My God!",Nature
Perception,"Aggie) Oh, like. Like the mail slot. (as Val) Yeah, yeah. (as Aggie) Just search. It's really important, Lucas. Lucas just then goes (as Lucas) Uuugh okay, I can try.",Perception
Insight,going to be like “hey what's up” oh you can tell me if they're winning or not. (as Dom 5) Yes also okay get— get Val get out of here.,Insight
Insight,involved I can't imagine she would be involved in any of that. Or if I mean that maybe it's just not the whole story. I mean science tombs— it seems—,Insight
Insight,"mean that maybe it's just not the whole story. I mean science tombs— it seems— Oh can I roll an insight check? Sure! On your dad?? On your dad, ?!",Insight
Perception,"same supplier for Mountain Brews. Do you know, do you know where they get them from? (as Emily) Oh no I don't. Listen, you don't want to ruin the magic.",Perception
Perception,"[regular voice] girls need to stick together. (as Aggie) Definitely. And I take the yellow smoothie very gingerly, and rush outside toward where my car is parked. [Pop music fades]",Athletics
Nature,"have. Moxie’s in the cab with us. there's Bruiser the burmese mountain dog, there's Charlotte giant poodle, there's Moxie the golden retriever puppy, and there's Rufus who's a bulldog. Adorable!",Perception
Perception,and you see Dez on the motorcycle just waving to you and holding the sack out from the sidecar. Cool Val's gonna like just jump down the fire escape. Nice!,Perception
Nature,"like you didn't have to type out the full name of the thing in the text, you could have just abbreviated it. (as Dr. Morrow) I’m still working on it.",Perception
Survival,15. Okay. I'm gonna use my last luck point. I did survival and I got a 12 +3 for 15. Got the same role twice uh survival is an 11.,Survival
Survival,15. Okay. I'm gonna use my last luck point. I did survival and I got a 12 +3 for 15. Got the same role twice uh survival is an 11.,Survival
Stealth,"I liked that one a lot, I had a lot of fun. (as Val) That sucked so bad I still have dreams about that, and they're not pleasant. [ laughs]",Perception
Performance,City is seeing all of you. So does anyone want to go first? Uh let's just get the bad news out of the way first I guess. [ and laugh],Performance
Perception,"do we ever make decisions that go against what we think our character would actually do, because it makes the story more interesting? That's really— that's a really good question.",Persuasion
Investigation,"would like to know you sometimes ask your players for info and direction in your stories, how do you give them what they want but also keep the surprises coming?",Perception
Perception,"would like to know you sometimes ask your players for info and direction in your stories, how do you give them what they want but also keep the surprises coming?",Perception
Perception,"would like to know you sometimes ask your players for info and direction in your stories, how do you give them what they want but also keep the surprises coming?",Perception
Arcana,"my god?! [Laughing] And he's gonna call Tuna and have Tuna be the general for this army of the undead meat products, Amazing alright Milo what is your arcana? +4.",Arcana
Stealth,in a grocery store! What are you doing?! Mr. “The Ghost Didn’t Come Out of My Chest!” [Laughing] He like turns into like steam coming off of the hot bar.,Stealth
History,"the last land survey that we've done throughout the city. This was built recently, and we don't know how, and we don't know why we just know that it's bad.",History
Investigation,as a note so you remind me in two weeks. Oh I already am. Okay good. Can I take a look at the plans before we leave and investigate them?,Insight
Insight,"game nerds out there. It's like “oh no Brad Pitt's trapped in the casino! How ever will he get out? Oh wait, earlier today George Clooney paid off a guy.”",Perception
Investigation,the wrong password and some alarm is going to go off somewhere? Yeah can I investigate the keypad to see if any of the letters are more worn than others?,Investigation
Stealth,"kind of person who like forgets to eat, and they’re just like “oh I haven't eaten in 26 hours!” and then eats an entire lasagna. Yeah! [ and laughing] Amazing.",Stealth
Stealth,"Amazing. as we go down the stairs, can I roll a stealth check to see if either of the other two see me put on my batman mask? [Everyone laughs]",Stealth
Perception,"can I roll a stealth check to see if either of the other two see me put on my batman mask? [Everyone laughs] Yeah, roll a stealth check. [Dice rolls]",Perception
Perception,"the other two see me put on my batman mask? [Everyone laughs] Yeah, roll a stealth check. [Dice rolls] Can I roll perception, I guess? I did get a 17.",Perception
Arcana,"a person underground. Wonderful okay that's interesting, this is a tall order for a college student. Make a I wish there was like a technology role. We can do arcana?",Arcana
Arcana,"with the kids by saying fortnight? No. Okay. Not even a little bit. Amazing, alright so Val, you have these walkie-talkies I would say that he gave you two. Okay.",Arcana
Performance,for parties did you not go to college? I think you probably get to college? (as Milo) I did! I—I didn’t go out much— uhh… (as Val) Okay! [Transition note],Performance
Arcana,then it kind of branches off into two larger rooms. Alright do we want to use the walkie-talkies real quick just to check to see who's around? Yeah. Okay cool.,Arcana
Perception,messing with each other and like pushing each other a little bit. So there's just three guys standing there. Is there like a door that we have to get through?,Perception
Perception,messing with each other and like pushing each other a little bit. So there's just three guys standing there. Is there like a door that we have to get through?,Perception
Stealth,"surge. [Dice rolls] Holy shit I got a 1. Seriously?! Ayyy! Oh my god. I mean it's bad, but also it's fun. Well it could be good, we don't know!",Perception
Stealth,"And they run towards Milo, they’re like (as Goons) Oh it's a fire we have to go get oh what do we do why is there a fire down there?!",Athletics
Animal Handling,"don't have to tell Tuna what to do. I just call in Tuna and they assess the situation, and they like to go to plan F for fire or whatever.",Animal Handling
Perception,"the end of this hallway, and there are three rooms. Are the doors open to any of these rooms? Yes is there light? Is there noise that we can sense?",Investigation
Investigation,"use it as like a battering ram style that could be fun. Yeah and I think any kind of detection equipment, night vision goggles, sonar like sensory radar type thing.",Investigation
Investigation,that it says “one pull trigger. Two poof.” [Everyone laughing] Is this the same kind of ray gun that was in the briefcase that I carried to the First National?,Investigation
Stealth,"What-what is happening? And Milo you look down, and you are naked except for uh your underwear. [ laughing] Am I visible though? I still have pass without trace on.",Stealth
Stealth,"a six-foot tall burly lady with red hair, how many of those could there be running around Lake Town City but like A it's a very big city and B",Perception
History,"Golden Knight, Knight of Mirror any relation? Is there some kind of secret knights of the round table hero force coming up? Ooh! Who can say! Everyone Who can say!",History
Animal Handling,"Val’s like, “I don't know what that means.” And then just starts going through the cabinets and the fridge without asking and pulling out all the ingredients that they need.",Animal Handling
History,"assuming that, if Dr. Morrow is the kind of dispatcher here, she would be controlling most of the calling us to places or dealing with like inbound calls for help.",History
Performance,Here – you know what? You know what might help is if – maybe if I showed you what some of the things that we've been working on. Midroll Music,Performance
Insight,"I think Milo – he is not showing this, but I think he is really hard-pressed to pass up the opportunity to become an actual superhero even with all the—",Insight
Insight,"not showing this, but I think he is really hard-pressed to pass up the opportunity to become an actual superhero even with all the— Can I roll insight on Milo?",Insight
Perception,"care of business, and you kind of progressed it from the inside. I tried, I tried but speaking of Val and Milo how did that noticing of River play out?",Investigation
Perception,"progressed it from the inside. I tried, I tried but speaking of Val and Milo how did that noticing of River play out? Yeah let's talk about that perception roll.",Perception
Investigation,"off to LTC. Sweet. Oh hold on now I need to Google if my sandwich shop is gonna be open after we're done recording, one second real quick! [Everyone laughing]",Investigation
History,"of us finding it to play a campaign where we do have easy access to tech, mobile phones, search engines, all of that, and how is it impacting your planning?",History
Investigation,"things that we need to do in our day-to-day lives, it doesn't like uncover secrets. Honestly you'd get more in an ancient library than you would Googling it. Hot take!",Investigation
Intimidation,intimidate them? What are you trying to do? Yeah these guys are gonna prevent me from leaving. I'm gonna do my damnedest so that they don't underestimate what they're doing.,Intimidation
Intimidation,intimidate them? What are you trying to do? Yeah these guys are gonna prevent me from leaving. I'm gonna do my damnedest so that they don't underestimate what they're doing.,Intimidation
Acrobatics,‘em boys! (as Aggie) I came by to check on your gas. You're really gonna do this? And two of the large boys are gonna come grab you— Good luck.,Acrobatics
Athletics,‘em boys! (as Aggie) I came by to check on your gas. You're really gonna do this? And two of the large boys are gonna come grab you— Good luck.,Acrobatics
Investigation,"pretty deadly, and immediately I roll like shit— I’m a monk, baybee!! You say you love monks. and yet. Okay yeah, I think he's stuck under the big high schooler.",Perception
Investigation,"into the kitchen, can I do another investigation check and just see if there's anything else I missed in terms of clues of what these brats’ criminal enterprise actually is?",Investigation
Investigation,enterprise actually is? Yes absolutely so you can do an investigation check. If you stay in there the other big goons will come after you eventually just you know. Okay!,Perception
Perception,"run to the front, if you don't have anything. Yeah I mean I do have charm person so we can like get our way into it. Cool, let's do it.",Perception
Investigation,You know— They're running. Okay. [ laughing] I don't think Val’s gonna run after them. Eirc That's fine. Did Val see any names on the student lanyards by any chance?,Investigation
Animal Handling,"(as mountain lobster) [high pitched noise] I'm gonna pull a granola bar out of my pocket and toss it in unwrapped. [Everyone laughs] Yeah, unwrapped? Yeah. Okay. What a kindness!",Animal Handling
Perception,"with— should they leave them there with the thing? (as Mantis) Oh yeah it'll take care of them, it'll mess them up like they messed up all the other guys.",Perception
Investigation,a few of our favorite threads in the description of this episode. Thank you to everyone who has joined our Patreon to support Join the Party in the last week,Insight
Perception,"of all kinds at Twenty Sided Store. Head to twentysidedstore.com and use code jointheparty for 20% off your online order. And now, let’s get back to the show. [Transition note]",Perception
Perception,"And now, let’s get back to the show. [Transition note] So Val you run outside, and these two guys are hopping into an ice cream truck. Make a perception check.",Perception
Acrobatics,"do — you're a pedestrian you need to get out of the way! I'd like to grapple him, I don't want him going anywhere. Okay so you're gonna grapple? Yeah",Athletics
Athletics,"do — you're a pedestrian you need to get out of the way! I'd like to grapple him, I don't want him going anywhere. Okay so you're gonna grapple? Yeah",Athletics
Animal Handling,"can talk to each other? Wow! Woooow, it's some assumptions to be making. (as Milo) But can you? (as Tuna) I can, but just know that you make the assumption.",Animal Handling
Perception,going and things are just kind of like sparking and exploding and shorting out around you. I would definitely never the breaker box is. Can I turn it all off?,Perception
Investigation,"wires are attached is there like a hard drive I can grab, or like a device or something that's like relatively portable that I can grab as we head out?",Investigation
Investigation,"locked. So yeah and you can look up the the light of the moon is now coming through a giant mountain lobster shaped hole. , bless, chef’s kiss. and Muah.",Perception
Intimidation,think you've never been zapped befor? I could zap people whatever I want! (as Val) [nonchalantly] I've been zapped before. (as Mantis) Oh okay I bet you've been zapped before.,Intimidation
Intimidation,"a second? Val just like looks at Mantis or whatever the fuck his name is, and is like (as Val) You! Cover your ears. Yeah that's fine, that’s totally fine.",Intimidation
Stealth,"start video recording this because I don't trust this Knight of Mirrors, and I want to have something on tape in case they decide to go back on their word.",Stealth
Investigation,"that, but there's like all— An apartment-sized battering ram! Yeah! A personal pan battering ram. Buttery crust! That’s like a great gift for Val, I dunno what you’re talking about?",Investigation
Animal Handling,bit more. He reaches out his hand to shake your hand. (as spirit) Hey thanks dude letting me out. (as Milo) Yeah of course uh yeah. I shake his hand.,Animal Handling
Animal Handling,I'm giving to you is that you have more of a control of your spirit. I looked at it and you have +5 to animal handling is that right? Yeah!,Animal Handling
Athletics,"to do the same. A link to those bail funds, is in the description of this episode. Thank you to everyone who has joined our Patreon in the last week",Athletics
Perception,"to do the same. A link to those bail funds, is in the description of this episode. Thank you to everyone who has joined our Patreon in the last week",Athletics
Investigation,"to do the same. A link to those bail funds, is in the description of this episode. Thank you to everyone who has joined our Patreon in the last week",Athletics
Persuasion,of mission. I'm gonna text back (as Milo) You're gonna have to give us a little more info on who you got this information from before we commit to anything.,Persuasion
Persuasion,last night you didn't file a report? What do you mean you got beat up on the street? (as Aggie) No it’s — listen it didn't end up being anything—,Persuasion
Deception,beat up on the street? (as Aggie) No it’s — listen it didn't end up being anything— And happy roll persuasion here DM. I think this is more deception. Okay!,Deception
Animal Handling,"[ laughs] (as Milo) Tuna can you go check the boathouse and see if there's anyone in there? (as Tuna) I could try, maybe they have cool things in there.",Animal Handling
Deception,I can pose as myself to like come inspect or like there was a gas leak and and like distract the guys going into the front door. I like that.,Investigation
Stealth,"want! Maybe yeah. Cool so why don't you just open the door, or why don't you have the door for us, Aggie, and then we'll just slip in. Yeah and—",Investigation
Stealth,"want! Maybe yeah. Cool so why don't you just open the door, or why don't you have the door for us, Aggie, and then we'll just slip in. Yeah and—",Investigation
Perception,"and then once we know that like that coast is clear, having Aggie serve as the distraction at the front door so we can investigate the kitchen would make sense.",Investigation
Deception,an exasperated groan] Even as a shadow? Shadow and ghosts are different. I don't know what pokemons been telling you alright let's start with Aggie. So Aggie do your thing!,Deception
Investigation,"there's no water but somehow there's just like food trash everywhere there's a hot plate there's like a mini fridge, and just lots of stuff in there. I hate this.",Investigation
Animal Handling,"Milo) Yeah the cat can bo back in, uh yeah uh Tuna can you one more favor for me? Can you head in there and just see what's going on?",Animal Handling
Perception,"Aggie says (as Aggie) Listen, call the gas company if you smell anything that's as much as I can give you I will get out of here, respect your elders.",Perception
Perception,PBR. Incredible. There’s a stage on one side and an American Ninja Warrior set on the other side. So did each section of the obstacle course have its own mechanics?,Perception
Persuasion,"that people were leaving was just like, I don’t wanna deal with this, I don’t care, or I don’t want to. Which is kind of what she was talking about.",Persuasion
Investigation,"say? Who can really say? I do love that and I didn’t talk about this, but the fact that Val punched an ice cream truck is so Val. and Yeah.",Investigation
Acrobatics,"might have on the ground. You know like in cheer how the padding should be there but it’s really just hard floor, it’s like that. Seems fun. Seems real safe.",Acrobatics
Perception,32! 24. 14! 14… Jesus. Okay yeah so you’re coming up on the army crawling portion is there anything you would like to do you just wanna barrel through? Hmmm.,Investigation
Perception,32! 24. 14! 14… Jesus. Okay yeah so you’re coming up on the army crawling portion is there anything you would like to do you just wanna barrel through? Hmmm.,Investigation
Perception,I have to actually fix something in that building for that person. Yeah that’s the only other way you’ll be able to get in yeah. [laughing] That is extremely funny.,Perception
Perception,for that person. Yeah that’s the only other way you’ll be able to get in yeah. [laughing] That is extremely funny. But in this case I’ll make a perception check?,Perception
Stealth,"I can turn us all into shadows, what do you think? (as Val) I would like to be a shadow, that seems kinda cool, I’ve never been a shadow before.",Stealth
Arcana,I investigate the sign that says nothing? Yeah! What do you wanna know? I wanna see if there’s a secret message behind it or something… Ooo I don’t wanna investigate—,Arcana
Arcana,don’t you make an arcana check for this? Because this is kinda like it’s more like a mystery. Also bad but alright! Can I try history or is it arcana?,Arcana
Stealth,"real hard [ laughs] (as Milo) I’ve done this once, I think I can do it again! (as Val) Okay, I believe in you bud, even though you can’t walk.",Stealth
Perception,are just literally just trying to hold yourselves together. (as Milo) Gross. Gross. Gross. Gross. Gross. Uhhhh. So you’re all kinda stuck in the cobwebs at the moment. [ groans],Perception
Stealth,"there see what’s up there, and if we need to I’ll kill the spell if we need to. Alright. Are you just gonna go up on the raised platform? Yeah",Investigation
Intimidation,"[Everyone laughs] Okay, okay, so how do you intimidate the punching bag when you do it? I just, I mean mug it and then I punch it in the face.",Intimidation
Intimidation,"do it? I just, I mean mug it and then I punch it in the face. Alright, roll an intimidation. Okay! [Dice rolls] [Chuckles] It’s a nat 20. [Everyone cheering]",Intimidation
Animal Handling,"like we saw casting without trace, I’ve done it before so I’ve sort of know the like levers to pull to get that one out cause I’ve done it before.",Investigation
Perception,just keeps changing the group text name. Milo has muted this chat by the way. Yes. Smart smart. It’s muted already? Yeah. Aggie’s turned her phone off. [ and laugh],Investigation
Perception,hard for it to get out of the way. This is an ice cream truck and it is speeding out of the way. Is it a Ma’s Ice Cream truck?,Perception
Athletics,"would like to join them as well, I’ll use another ki point to double my speed to dash as a bonus action and try to push it over as well.",Athletics
Perception,"8 on my first roll, I’m gonna use a luck point and reroll that. [Dice rolling] On my reroll I got a 15 total. Val what’d you get? A 9.",Perception
Perception,on it but your brass knuckles are covered in white paint. It’s a real Cinderella situation tomorrow. [ laughing] Val is just like “nope! Nope!” Punching trucks all over town.,Perception
Insight,"an interesting place, I just wanna know, must be the mountain air why everyone looks so good and why all of their children are so cool and successful. Including you!",Investigation
Investigation,"the mountain air why everyone looks so good and why all of their children are so cool and successful. Including you! If you wanna know more, make an insight check.",Insight
Investigation,"the mountain air why everyone looks so good and why all of their children are so cool and successful. Including you! If you wanna know more, make an insight check.",Insight
Deception,"news, are you okay? There was a panther! (as Milo) Yeah, there was a panther for everyone in the city, what are you talking about? Why would it impact me?",Deception
Persuasion,"cause I’m sitting here and I can look at my own skeleton, that’s a bummer. Oh no… (as Milo) Hey what was the last thing you remember? (as voice) Um…",Persuasion
Investigation,find any— Which one do you wanna do the most? Which one are you gonna lean into? I mean he’s gonna go where his skill sets are which is eBay.,Investigation
Perception,"and then get out of there. Just gotta get that communications degree, Val also notes as they walk in that this is not enough people to mosh with. [Everyone laughing]",Insight
Perception,"horse and not talk about this. (as Gordon) [Nonsensical cajun fillers] (as Milo) Alright, I am just gonna leave now… Um… This is too weird. Um. Val just reaches over—",Perception
Insight,"now. When Milo goes to leave, Val grabs him by the collar and is like (as Val) No no, ghost boy. (as Milo) Okay! Small strong. Guess I’m staying ookaaay.",Perception
Insight,"the sight once, like back in the day, so if you talk to ghosts and shit that’s cool, that’s fine. You know? (as Milo) I haven’t talked to any ghosts!",Insight
Insight,"the day, so if you talk to ghosts and shit that’s cool, that’s fine. You know? (as Milo) I haven’t talked to any ghosts! Can I do an insight check!",Insight
Perception,"it back to everybody else yet. Okay. So let's use a key point to dash, which doubles my movement speed so that I can make it into the auditorium proper.",Athletics
Perception,hurt him a lot! He has a shield so you’ve just been hitting him so much that he's trying to hold on this shield as much as possible. [ sighs],Insight
Investigation,"is a 6 points of damage. Okay. Doing okay over there? That's twelve. Oh, that's not great. You know me. So you going to run down the hall, Aggie? Yes.",Athletics
Athletics,giggle] It's very funny. And so is the spear that went clear through the screen. I think the whole right side of the screen - just can't see things there.,Perception
Perception,Aggie] People lash out when they are hurt. Can I help you? [as Yabby] No. You hurt me! That was you doing the hurting! [all laughing] He got you there.,Persuasion
History,"Yeah, so he throws the jar of these like robotic wasps at you, and the jar breaks. And now there's just like these mechanical wasps that are angrily flying everywhere.",History
Investigation,"Yeah, so he throws the jar of these like robotic wasps at you, and the jar breaks. And now there's just like these mechanical wasps that are angrily flying everywhere.",History
History,have black fly season two months a year. I'm used to this. This is fine. But can I roll either Investigation or History and see if I know this person?,History
Athletics,"out of the vault. One of Aggie siblings is an Olympic swimmer, so lots of time in athletic centers. Sure, sure, sure. And I'm going to swing the door closed.",Athletics
Stealth,it turns out you did not. [as Milo] Shit. [as Tuna] Bye! He jumps away And then I walk out from behind the rows of chairs with my hands up.,Perception
Perception,rows of chairs with my hands up. I'm gonna say make a stealth roll. I want to see how many people saw the literal ghost come out of your body.,Stealth
Perception,a stealth roll. I want to see how many people saw the literal ghost come out of your body. Can I roll Perception? Because I'm pretty sure I saw it.,Perception
Stealth,"including Val and Aggie and the motorcycle person. Yeah, maybe Aggie caught the like vestiges of the swamp disappearing or something. Hmm… Yeah. Maybe like as returns inside of you.",Stealth
Stealth,"toes. And as it falls down, he becomes invisible. Please make your – your surge roll for me. [dice rolling] [laughs] I got a 1. [all cheering] Let’s go! Yes!",Perception
Stealth,"– your surge roll for me. [dice rolling] [laughs] I got a 1. [all cheering] Let’s go! Yes! I still gotta make a Stealth check to leave the room, too.",Stealth
Investigation,need to go home. It’s been a long night. Here's a question. Do you want to look inside the bag? I think I'm going to look when he opens it.,Investigation
Investigation,"the items in here, it seems to me they're all accounted for. But I haven't done an inventory. You guys came with it, so- [as auction director] Right, right, right.",Investigation
Performance,that Communication credit at Lake Town City SUNY. He sure did. SUNY- you can take summer classes at SUNY LTC! Cs get degrees! [all laugh] That’s true. ’s not wrong.,Performance
Performance,that Communication credit at Lake Town City SUNY. He sure did. SUNY- you can take summer classes at SUNY LTC! Cs get degrees! [all laugh] That’s true. ’s not wrong.,Performance
Perception,"so she has known some teenagers and is connected to the internet on her devices. [all talking] And has perhaps been one. Yeah, and was a teen, ten years ago.",Persuasion
History,"Brewpot] Don’t mess up! What a boss. I need to know everything about the Brewpot family. Oh yeah, 100%. What are their children’s names? How many children do they have?",History
History,"be able to figure it out. [as Milo] Can I- [as voice] It should be in her old effects or something, I don’t know. [as Milo] Alright. Alright, thank you.",History
Perception,"pretty cool, right? Pretty nice. [as Val] It makes me look like I'm trying to sell secrets to the Russians. [as Dom Five] I've – it’s rather dramatic. I'm sorry.",Persuasion
Perception,"because I really want my hand cut off. Thank you Dom. I will say, Dom 5 is a regular person, so I rolled a 7 Okay, what was I rolling?",Perception
Deception,"a towel for the city. And this is the towel. This is how Douglas Adams died. Yes. That’s a super tenuous connection, and I respect the hell out of it.",Deception
Perception,"right? [as director] But so is history. Then they walk out where they entered. Alright, you have the towel You have the towel entered in. Sweet. Absolutely. Cool. Nailed it.",Perception
Intimidation,"way up to 750. Okay. At like 700, Val likes finding the person in the crowd that’s bidding against them, and like just dead eyes. And like just dead eyes.",Intimidation
Perception,"Alright, I got 750 for this chair. I have 750 pieces of Lake Town history. It's pizza - it's pizza royalty. Can I get one? Anyone? 750. 750…Anyone? Anyone. 750.",Investigation
Intimidation,"hand is the walking stick that she carries around. And she runs toward the hooligans, yelling, [as Aggie] Stop right there if you know what's good for you. Definitely hooligans.",Intimidation
Perception,"a bunch of different specialized abilities within them. So, just because, for example, your intelligence generally is rather low, if you practice magic, you might be really good at magic.",Arcana
Animal Handling,"performance, going on stage, intimidation, getting somebody to do what you want from threatening to fight them, but not actually fighting them and then, like, persuade would be under charisma.",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"sees a wolf in the forest. So, maybe I will try to say, “Here, doggy, good boy.” Okay. So, if you want to call the wolf a doggy -- Yeah.",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"Guenhwyvar has always loved dogs. You might have, like, a plus five to animal handling, right? So, I add that to whatever the dice tells me when I roll it.",Animal Handling
Animal Handling,"the wolf flicks your face? I say, “Yay, I love dogs. I'm not gonna sneeze whatsoever.” And you give it big pats. It’s fantasy. Yeah, give it big pats. Yes.",Animal Handling
Perception,"not one. And it shouldn’t be. It’s not one. Oi, I’m the bartender. We have to go to more bars. Yeah. All of the – all bartenders sound like that.",Perception
Athletics,"the, the kitchenette and grab something real quick? Heck yeah. I'll be here. I’ll definitely – I'm just gonna stay here. Can you make me a lobster roll? Midroll Music",Athletics
Perception,"to think that they're still from, like, the 1950s. So, there's always either a roller rink or a bowling alley. Bowling alley Or a combo roller rink and bowling alley?",Perception
Perception,"to think that they're still from, like, the 1950s. So, there's always either a roller rink or a bowling alley. Bowling alley Or a combo roller rink and bowling alley?",Perception
Perception,alley. Bowling alley Or a combo roller rink and bowling alley? I got my roller rink. I got my bowling spot. I got my combination roller rink and bowling spot.,Perception
Athletics,tool shed. Excuse me. You over the tool shed. It’s just reams and reams of pencil led. That makes sense. Mhmm. Checks out. It makes sense for me. Midroll Music,Athletics
Intimidation,"Jack of all trades sort of thing or does non-combat important things. So, when you're talking about a face, a face is the person with the highest charisma -- Mhmm.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Jack of all trades sort of thing or does non-combat important things. So, when you're talking about a face, a face is the person with the highest charisma -- Mhmm.",Persuasion
Persuasion,"Bard who is too busy like fucking everything to remember how to do spells. Gross. Yeah, I hate bards. Bards suck. Hate bards. Love monks. That's my DM-ing peeve. Hmm.",Persuasion
Survival,"to. Oh no please. No food. You have to hunt for your own food. If you don't sleep more than eight hours a day you die, because - [all laughing]",Survival
Survival,"to. Oh no please. No food. You have to hunt for your own food. If you don't sleep more than eight hours a day you die, because - [all laughing]",Survival
Survival,"to. Oh no please. No food. You have to hunt for your own food. If you don't sleep more than eight hours a day you die, because - [all laughing]",Survival
Survival,"to. Oh no please. No food. You have to hunt for your own food. If you don't sleep more than eight hours a day you die, because - [all laughing]",Survival
Survival,"to. Oh no please. No food. You have to hunt for your own food. If you don't sleep more than eight hours a day you die, because - [all laughing]",Survival
Survival,"to. Oh no please. No food. You have to hunt for your own food. If you don't sleep more than eight hours a day you die, because - [all laughing]",Survival
Medicine,"relate to their powers and who knows about it. , I think we’re out of Doritos. Oh, shit. Okay, I have to go to the kitchen. One second. [transition sound]",Perception
Perception,"relate to their powers and who knows about it. , I think we’re out of Doritos. Oh, shit. Okay, I have to go to the kitchen. One second. [transition sound]",Perception
Nature,"“So your garden is looking a little overgrown” [ gasps] No, ! It’s Stardew Valley basically. That’s my D&D campaign. [all laugh] I would want to play that so bad.",Nature
Deception,"got powers, and people know about that, but it’s not like a thing that is affecting everyone across the world, or across the country, or even across the entire city.",Perception
Stealth,"got powers, and people know about that, but it’s not like a thing that is affecting everyone across the world, or across the country, or even across the entire city.",Perception
Investigation,"yeah. Let’s look for his door. Okay. So, the two of you sweep the whole upper level. Oh, should we like be rolling Survey to find his office or something?",Investigation
Deception,"raise some red flags. You’ll basically have to do an Acquire Asset Downtime Action to get a new cover identity. Okay, I can do that. They both turned up three.",Deception
Investigation,"1 out of 4, because you guys are in here for a while. Madge Okay. Josie During that long time, can I help myself to whatever’s in the parlor? Rhi",Athletics
Investigation,"my former employer. Believe me, Jeren. I don’t know how to make you believe me, but we’re friends. Rhi (as Jeren) You’ve got a weird idea of friendship, Myra. Rhi",Insight
Investigation,gave you? Minna I think she probably has. I think she would have done it when she got to her own room and she could read it in privacy. Rhi,Investigation
Investigation,"a favor? Rhi (as Gondolier) You know a lot about boats? Madge (as Phin) Yeah. My parents are fishermen. Rhi (as Gondolier) Oh, yeah, sure. Madge (as Phin) Yeah. Rhi",Athletics
Investigation,see if I can find anything that’s directly related to either The Bluecoats or The Spirit Wardens to see which group is the one that’s actually doing the stopping. Rhi,Investigation
Acrobatics,"5. Rhi That 5 is the result that we’re gonna go with, and there was a 1 and a 3, so Minx you’re gonna take 2 stress. Josie Okay. Rhi",Acrobatics
Stealth,"lot more limited in your escape routes, but yes. Madge [laughing] Meanwhile Blaire and Phin are probably gonna go on a bar crawl. Rhi [covers mouth laughing] Oh no! Minna",Stealth
Athletics,"immediately like ‘Phin, there’s a ghost in there. We have to help it! Oh, and I guess we should help Minx and Myra…’ [laughter] Madge [groans, face in hands] Kim",Athletics
Athletics,"We’re gonna be at war… Rhi So, the three of you are looking over this letter, and cinematically we sort of pan out into the city… and where’s Phin? Madge",Athletics
Investigation,handful on the first floor and none on the second floor and third. There are a couple guards standing outside the door. Minna And that’s the only way in? Rhi,Investigation
Investigation,"the desk are kind of rotted and weak, and they are gonna start to give way under you while you’re searching. Madge Okay. that’s a 3. [into hands] Hubris! Rhi",Investigation
Athletics,"let’s do that. [laughs] Josie Yeah. Rhi To specify what the consequence was of that bad roll, I’m going to be starting a clock for— Josie Place burns down? Rhi",Athletics
Athletics,"and setting everything on fire. There’s just a lot of fire. Josie [nervous noises] Rhi Blaire, you are the only one still upstairs. How do you wanna get down? Kim",Athletics
Investigation,"middle of the room is a large stone slab that’s at about a 45-degree angle. It’s pained with arcane runes and there are leather restraints. Kim [gasp] Ooh, okay. Rhi",Investigation
Investigation,"of payment, and you all shall enter through the guard passage. Rhi You’ll need to get the uniforms first. Josie Let’s get those. Those are pretty important. Madge Mhmm. Rhi",Investigation
Investigation,"risky roll for you. Myra, what do you want to attempt? Minna If Phin’s gonna press on, I think Myra’s going to take her cue and also press on. Rhi",Investigation
Athletics,"and as many people as you can drag along with you are able to get to the polls. Now then, let’s get started. Shall we? ## Story Continues [00304] Rhi",Athletics
Perception,start with the little ones and then you build up to the big ones. Kim (as Blaire) Okay. Rhi I think we’ll cut over to Minx. ## Minx [02034] Josie,Stealth
Deception,"myself. Rhi Okay. Madge Six! Kim Woo! [laughter and clapping] Minna Oh, this is a hell of a roll. I love this. Josie Perfect. Kim Excellent. Rhi [laughing] Un-fucking-believable. Josie",Deception
Athletics,"proud~ [laughs] Minna [smiling] Wouldn’t it have been smarter to fight her while she was focused on the others? [laughs] Kim I know! That was in my head, but… Rhi",Investigation
Investigation,"too good. Rhi Lani gives you a big smile, reaches over and pats your hand, and then signs back. Rhi (as Lani via Roxanne) Thank you. That’s very sweet. Rhi",Investigation
Investigation,stuff than I do. Would there be some kind of way of telling if the person they belonged to… Kim (as Blaire) Uh… I don’t know! Let’s find out! Kim,Investigation
Investigation,"think that you are probably able to hear the shooting that has started. It is up to you. Kim Okay. Have I found anything in the meantime, or no? Rhi",Investigation
Stealth,"Josie I feel like we shouldn’t do his office. Because that’s too obvious. Minna Slid into some books on the mantel or something. Josie Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Rhi",Investigation
Performance,"bluff pretty well. Rhi Yes you can. Josie I kinda wanna know more about these circus performers. Like, I wanna know when a big event is happening. Kim Yeah. Rhi",Performance
Performance,"bluff pretty well. Rhi Yes you can. Josie I kinda wanna know more about these circus performers. Like, I wanna know when a big event is happening. Kim Yeah. Rhi",Performance
Perception,"got at their hip. Rhi (as Crow) Yeah, don’t worry about it. Josie All right. I think we head towards The Docks next, maybe? Minna Yeah, along Cinder Street. Rhi",Investigation
Investigation,"roll for investigating the thing, or sneaking, however you want to approach it. I just need some sort of roll so I know how much info to give you. Josie",Investigation
Perception,"Kim [giggles] Rhi Blaire, you don’t have enough jars for this. Kim But I might have enough ectoplasm. Rhi No~ Minna [nervous noises] Kim The spirit well is nearby? Rhi",Investigation
Stealth,"see if there are any already existing hidden compartments. Rhi Okay, yeah. That’s a good call. Josie No. Rhi Oh, yeah, okay. Josie So behind the altar it is. Rhi",Athletics
Medicine,"swing just cracks you upside the head. So you’re going to take level 2 harm. Josie I’m going to resist that. Rhi Okay, that’s gonna be Prowess. Josie Critical. Rhi",Medicine
Stealth,"a normal load. Kim Normal as well. Rhi How about you? Minna I said yep, which meant normal. Rhi Okay. Minna Boy, I am stressed out about this score~ Rhi",Stealth
Nature,"the stress, and the reason you take additional stress is because you’re gonna see something extra. Josie I can’t turn that down. Rhi [laughs] Josie Like, I can’t. [laughs] Rhi",Nature
Athletics,"Minna Silently. Josie (as Minx) Back to the drawing board. Rhi So, what is Plan B? Josie Uh… well. I think Plan B is going around the outside now. Rhi",Athletics
Stealth,"time to say goodnight. Josie And she’s gonna blow out our lantern. Kim Oh. Rhi [laughs] Okay. Josie And try and pull everyone down to, like, hit the deck. Rhi",Athletics
Nature,"Rhi So, like, if you are trying to impersonate a teller you’ll be at improved effect. Okay, so yeah, Minx knows how banks work. Kim Vaguely. Rhi Yeah. Vaguely. Kim",Nature
Athletics,"near where we want to make it happen, and you know, we just pull off to the side of the road like any… Rhi Yeah, like you’re supposed to. Josie",Athletics
Insight,"rushes over and holds out a hand, but she locks eyes with you, not Wester. Minna Oh shit. Rhi So you can do with that information as you like. Minna",Insight
Acrobatics,"to somehow get control of the boat. Minna I can, uh… Rhi Because this lady is not in on your plan! [laughs] Minna Vial of slumber essence and Skirmish. Rhi",Acrobatics
Perception,"door unlock as someone has finished a session and is going to be walking their client out. Josie Well, that’s behind us. We can duck around the corner, right? Rhi",Investigation
Insight,"but Myra, I’m not sure that you necessarily do. Minna [nervous, uneasy noise] Rhi Actually, I’m gonna have you make a resistance roll. Minna I was gonna say, I’m… Rhi",Insight
Investigation,alerted that there are some kind of intruders on the third floor. Minna I guess climbing in a window was not my smartest move knowing there’s a security system. Rhi,Investigation
Investigation,"her sword in the other hand. She’s not being very thorough, she’s just kind of going for the end and if that’s not it she’ll work her way back. Rhi",Perception
Insight,"hat Productions. Rhi Next, I’d like to thank our splendid Patreon backers. Mark Williams, thank you! XYXLOC, thank you, and sorry I couldn’t pronounce your name. ## Blooper [04531] Rhi",Insight
Insight,"backers. Mark Williams, thank you! XYXLOC, thank you, and sorry I couldn’t pronounce your name. ## Blooper [04531] Rhi And you’re gonna need to make an Insight check here. Minna",Insight
Insight,"thank you, and sorry I couldn’t pronounce your name. ## Blooper [04531] Rhi And you’re gonna need to make an Insight check here. Minna [amused] An Insight check, huh? Rhi",Insight
Insight,"Rhi And you’re gonna need to make an Insight check here. Minna [amused] An Insight check, huh? Rhi Err, an Insight—not Insight check, uh, an Insight resistance roll. [giggling] Josie",Insight
Investigation,"getting the wrong idea. Rhi Is there anything else you wanna ask Briggs before he heads out? Minna Are there any, like, rivals of Nuncio that he knows about? Rhi",Investigation
Stealth,"of the crime, and do some ghost field inspection. Rhi Yeah. Yeah, um, I think… I’m gonna have you— so, I’m gonna have you make two rolls. Kim Okay. Rhi",Investigation
Investigation,"of the crime, and do some ghost field inspection. Rhi Yeah. Yeah, um, I think… I’m gonna have you— so, I’m gonna have you make two rolls. Kim Okay. Rhi",Investigation
Stealth,and snatch it from them. On their way out. Kim (as Blaire) Let them do the work for us. Josie (as Minx) Yes. Kim (as Blaire) I like it. Rhi,Stealth
Investigation,"to lift some books that aren’t on your list— Minna You know, why risk it? Rhi Yeah, there is a possibility that you would get caught. Kim Okay, true. Rhi",Investigation
Athletics,"Kim (as Blaire) Sounds like a plan. Rhi All right. So, the plan is to climb up to the roof, try and deal with this…? Kim Yep. Josie Mm-hmm. Rhi",Athletics
Investigation,"am gonna take you up on that walk. Anything you want me to grab you? Minna (as Myra) No, I should be okay, thank you. Rhi (as Jeren) Alright. Rhi",Investigation
Athletics,"Did you want— Josie No, I should roll again. I wanted it to be increased effect. Rhi Increased effect? Okay. Josie Yeah. Let’s just start fresh. Still a 6. Rhi",Athletics
Performance,"to defeat a hull. How many ticks did you have left on that? Minna Uh, I think I only had one. Rhi Yeah, that’s what I thought. Minna Yeah. Rhi",Performance
Stealth,"for the engagement roll. Waffles Nice. Kim Woo! Awesome. Rhi I have never done that. Let me see what this says. Kim Oh my God, we have blessed energy. Rhi",Stealth
Perception,"for the engagement roll. Waffles Nice. Kim Woo! Awesome. Rhi I have never done that. Let me see what this says. Kim Oh my God, we have blessed energy. Rhi",Stealth
Perception,"scene you’ve got before you. And, yeah, no one has even glanced in your direction. Everyone is very focused on either the altar or the pool or each other. Kim",Perception
Investigation,"which is now a prison. Yeah. So, who was it that actually saw? It was the Scout, right? Rhi Yeah, I was the one that saw this Cinder Guard. John",Perception
Athletics,"vengeful spirit somehow finding you all the way out here, remains within the boundary of the forest. And what item do you find as you are making your escape? Paulomi",Athletics
